[Music]
is important for the culture because
they give a voice to some of the
voiceless
they give credit to some of the people
that have been
long overdue for credit find a way to um
have fun show a fun side of our culture
and uh i'm proud i'm proud of the growth
of it i was i was around for the
i was around from day one so to see that
growth and everything
is inspiring beautiful thing peace out
[Music]
what it could be hopefully when it
should be this is your boy n-a-o-n-a-a
what up it's dj efn
and this is drink chess [__]
military crazy world radio happy hour
make some noise
[Applause]
and right now the brother that we got
standing in front of us just sitting in
front of us
he had one of the most illustrious
independent careers
ever if you want to look up independence
you want to say
how you do it after leaving the major
and approaching this
i would recommend you guys go look at
this brother's career he's a part of a
legendary group
that they recently got together
and is on one of the best albums of the
whole god damn years the best thing
about 2020.
he is a legend
not only in queens but new york city but
the world
he is the [__] innovator
he is a person that i look up and i
respect and in case you [__]
don't know who i'm talking about
we talking about the legendary call
[__] backup
the crazy [__] is i'm just uh me and cam
haven't spoke
or like hung out like 15 years
so the crazy [__] is i i'm telling
murder mook the other day and i'm like
yo when you look at
um camron's video his very first video
horse and carriage
me and you was in it i died i forgot
that you were sitting right next to me
so the crazy [__] is i'm pulling
cameron's coat just
not pulling his code but tell them like
yo bro i really was there from the
beginning
and one thing that i did i overlooked
was i i wasn't alone no you was there
with me
so how did you wind up in the host of
characters video
that that's crazy i was always in videos
that was wow
i was like um i was
always just popping up a video i was
cool with a lot of rappers you know i
don't like to go out
a lot you know like now that you know me
better you know me yes yes
but one thing you know is like when
people tell me to pull up i pull up yes
yes so i was at the video and if you
remember i fell in the pool
oh daddy didn't even remember that not
on purpose yeah
that was so dope because um
a lot of people don't know that a lot of
people don't know that queens of
harlem's history
yeah yeah because queens we get the we
get the worst
slack because we really don't it seems
like we really don't get along with each
other
mm-hmm like yeah queens within each
other you're talking about within each
other
it seems like like it just doesn't
happen it kind of is true
it's kind of true we'll get into all of
that okay all right cool but la is like
that too
philadelphia is like that i think that
new york
i think the focus because we created
hip-hop
it focuses on us a little bit more what
do you think
i think
now i think people call like they say
queens be having a lot of conflict it
does
it does you know what i'm saying like
whereas down south they'll have their
issues but they'll make music together
they'll stick together
they'll sing songs together they make
songs together whereas
queens are i think queen's just like uh
a stubborn borough because because the
queen's had to fight for his respect
remember back in the days
people underestimated queens because of
krs um
you didn't hear people please call
queens yeah and um
and um people underestimated queens
so people thought queens was soft even
on rockets island back in the day they
called it quiet queens so
you know queens always had to fight for
his respect and there's parts of queens
that are ferocious
yes i've seen a lot of people get their
ass tore up and fell rockaway
because they thought it was sweet yep
like dudes from out of town to come out
there
far rockaway's rough i'm south south
jamaica yeah
um left right long island city
i don't want to know ravenswood you know
queens gets busy so um
i think um a lot of i think queens
also um queens got the most uh diverse
community there's so many different
people in queensland so it's so big
and it's so uh that's why i don't think
trump is from queens because you can't
be from queens to be racist
i'm sorry no that's true yes that's true
as far as rap we're not claiming you
trump
i just think uh i don't know what it is
about queens but we definitely
queen's definitely be having a lot of
conflict um even with the murders
maserati fox got killed in queens the
brothers stack bundles kinks
damn master jade and i'm not even
thinking hard
okay so queens i don't know we got to do
better yeah we got to do better so now
this album comes out king's disease
i'm not gonna lie i didn't see this
record coming
i don't know if sun was doing that on
purpose
but this record comes out
and i'm not like i said i'm not gonna
i'm gonna keep it 100. when i looked at
it
i was like this got to be a whole verse
all right i'm talking about
from all of y'all so i said this must be
an old knives record
but then not only was i wrong
that'll sound good together
what was that conversation like because
i know
you and i for lack of a better term have
a very confusing type of relationship
like
from the outsiders looking at i think
the outside looking in
um don't share the same peripheral
because our relationship wasn't
confusing it's just
it was just us like we our relationship
is
different from any other rappers with
conflict because we actually grew up
together
we our families know each other i've
spoken to his father before i've seen
his mother thousands of times
wow you know what i'm saying i know his
brother god bless his mother exactly
god bless her she was a graceful classy
woman you know what i'm saying
like i know jabari before my jungle
exactly you know what i'm saying
like i knew now he knows corey so
there's a difference between these other
beeps so i think it was both
it wasn't confusing it was just us it
was just an emotional
his emotions involved and i think um
[Music]
time and um time and understanding
could could rectify things if the love
is real you know what i'm saying so
we both mature men and um
you know when we one thing about me as
you know because you know me now
yes i don't got to speak to you every
day but when i speak to you it's like
we were speaking every day yep and um
and when we spoke everything it feel
like we never ever had issues so let me
ask you this
so when he called you did he did he tell
you that this was a firm record
or he just said just send you a verse
and you you didn't really know it was it
wasn't
like you know how i am so when we spoke
it wasn't about music because i don't
care about the music
i even on some real [__]
i don't even care about the affirm
song or or any song it's it's about our
friendship
like if we never rap again the fact that
our friendship
is repaired that's the most beautiful
thing out of it all so that's what's
great
about you gotta continue i'll i'll get
into that later but continue so
we spoke we spoke about and i know you
mean this because i know you now like
and i know you mean this yeah
so so we spoke about numerous things
before we even got to the song you know
what i'm saying
and then um by the time we got to um
speaking about doing the song
i was with it because um honestly
because we cool
and because that's what the culture
wanted like people wanted us to
make music for so long i never realized
how bad that the public wanted that
i didn't realize it until it dropped as
well when it dropped i was like wow yeah
continue
yeah so that's that and that's the crazy
[__] is
i i forgot how much i'm a fan of the
group because
honestly the firm kind of put me on to a
certain
extent but i forgot how much i was a fan
of the group
when i heard the record and i just kept
rewinding because i got a job to do so i
got to be analytical so i kept rewinding
and i was like is that an old verse is
that like i'm being i'm being a fan yeah
yeah i'm being a fan so i'm looking
and when i forget i don't know if i
posted it
or whatever i did and i just see the
fans reaction
of how the firm because it was a super
group
it was the very first super group to me
yeah
yeah yeah it was so all right now
getting into that let's get straight
into it because i did accidentally the
other day
he was on here and i said i actually
should repeat the rhyme the reason why i
asked nature to repeat the wrong repeat
wrong to beat the rhonda he had this
dude because you know i was in that
session
i know i never and this is the thing
that the crazy [__] is mega
just real talk
i never knew why he dissed it i was
actually in the session
i went upstairs i said it to him while
he was here i went upstairs and he came
back that's the reason why i asked him
was because when they got edited you
know remember they edited him
and when i got edited i didn't i never
knew where did that come from so let's
let
that do you want to try some champagne
not yet no yeah
so listen okay before we get to that
okay
you just said that you asked say to say
what you said i asked nature
why did he do that because i thought
this is what i thought
when i went to the bathroom nah so
somebody gassed him
in all actuality i think he just did it
on his own all right let me stop you now
okay please you just did
you made me proud just now you just did
a you had a great
journalistic moment just now okay do you
realize for all these years in hip-hop
no journalists ever kept it 100 like
that wow remember they were
people was trying to paint pictures of
me changing narratives about me remember
megan's a mega is a hater omega
is jealous he just wants to shine or
etc he just nature because he's mad
you're the first journalist that ever
said that that brought that out and you
and they just said it on your show
so no i knew i didn't know but but the
perception was
that you started it exactly it's true
it's true you're right you see what i'm
saying
so when that happened i was shocked i
was like wow
so um but it is what it is you know it's
it's
old but we have to have you aside
because i just had nature's
okay so the thing is this right i need
to know
because and you said something to me the
other day and
i had to 100 agree with you you said one
thing about me
nori you knew about who i was on the
street prior to you knew who i was
as a rapper yeah and that's true i did
hear about core
mega on the street prior to me hearing
about you as a rapper
i heard about you getting busy on the
streets so
one thing for sure two things for
certain i did not know where this was
coming from
when i asked nature that i was being
totally for real because i didn't know
and i wasn't powerful enough to like
take my verse off or
i don't want to be a part i wasn't
powerful enough i had to just play my
position
so you you know when you and i was
probably having little discrepancies or
whatever
you hearing that nature this dude that
[__] had to [__] you up no
that started the discrepancies that was
it that's what i'm saying you have a
journalistic name
this is before that record wow that
record started the whole [__]
wow i did not notice you know i'm really
like that's what i said you just had a
strong listen let's make some noise
knows this jungle so i didn't know see
i never knew so when i heard that record
i was just mad i'm thinking everybody's
going at me wow so i'm like damn i'm
like damn i thought me and nori was cool
damn like you know what now i know now
back then he had a problem with youtube
no if you listen if somebody
comes out someone called [__] dj effing
and called megan's on the song
you're gonna be like yo i thought me and
megan was cool you might not you're
gonna be like so next time you see me
you might be
in my life the handshake
so it's like i was just like wow like
that just shocked me
so um it is what it is like
that started everything if that record
never came out there never been no
distance i had no reason to diss anybody
wow
you know what i'm saying i did not know
that i did not know i did i swear to god
i'm learning right now
that's one of my favorites so the
industry really owes me an apology all
these corny ass i'm gonna apologize to
you for that
but mega i'm gonna be honest with you
at that time
mega was like one of the most arrogant
in this dude explain that to me
that's how you came up girls okay like
whenever i used to come around
i'll see you i i just realized and later
on
i identify with confidence okay
i was too young to look at that and say
that's confidence i was looking like
damn maybe he's an average
difference between confidence and
arrogance like in my like explain to me
what made you think
tell you what the difference is
confidence as a rapper as a human being
pretty much both pretty much both
because and i'm gonna keep it real you
was always like a fly dude it's always
like flying in the average person
you came around you always had to fly
polo on and always just
and i just would be like and people that
was the rumor about you like
mega is an arrogant guy so that's the
reason why
i think people thought you started the
nature beef as opposed to nature
because because because if you put you
and nature together
a person is going to remember you no
disrespect to nate that's my brother but
that person's going to remember you it's
something about your order something
about your style
and and so that's the reason why i think
it came
off have you ever heard that about
yourself arrogant yeah that you argue
only from people that you hang with
yo when you think about this nobody in
brooklyn says that
nobody far away you know people from all
over that number
if any i mean if that's the worst people
could say about me wow
if that's the worst that's actually
because that's like they said jordan
they said kobe's arrogant i was
confident but at the same time you said
i wear polo all the time
there's a girl named tt from
queensbridge you probably know one day
i'm standing on the hill i got the crazy
polo shirt and it's dope as [__]
and she was complimenting me on the
shirt and this one
yeah and i'm saying it because she's a
live shout out to tj yes she'll confirm
this i took my polo shirt off my back
and gave it to her wow so while people
don't tell that side of the story
come on come on come on
why people don't say oh mega mem
remember that
piece mega hat i was wearing diamonds
before everybody too wow but i never
made nobody feel less about it that same
diamond pen
you see me on it i gave it to spank when
he came home wow
same gucci watch i have with the
authentic gucci diamonds i gave that to
somebody when they came home so why
people don't say that so the people that
said
yo no you know me better now yes i'm a
very quiet person
great dude the great dude i [__] with
you so when you so when you
stay to yourself and you yo people
see more of me than i've seen in myself
because it's like
i'm not an outgoing person i'm not the
type person i say how you doing my name
is mega
i stay to myself i'm a quiet every time
we go out
where am i good i'm in the cut so you
see me in the cut
and i'm looking a certain way and i'm
quiet sometimes people think i'm
standoffish
when i'm really just to myself some
people say i'm shy right
some people just that's really pretty
much the opposite of arrogance you know
what i'm saying so it's like
so if the worst that somebody could say
about me is i'm arrogant i must be a
hell of a dude you've never heard nobody
say mega is a snake
all right you've never felt
uncomfortable around me you've never
heard nobody say mega jerk me
right all right let's let's switch it up
a little bit
you had the experience to be on violator
be down with chris light
what was your experience with chris lady
chris lottie was like a
a big brother that you always want to
impress wow that you always want to try
to impress he gives you tough love
right especially me man's man um
it was an honor i learned a lot i
learned about patience because i was
impatient
but i wanted to come out and chris was
teaching me
about the game but during that time
being a violator shout out to dave
lottie shout out to moana scott
dave like motor scott i learned how to
market myself
i was doing stuff to prove my
my value or that i'm worthy of this to
chris
i was on the shelf no before i was on
the shelf
i was a violator and the thing a lot of
young artists got to realize is
when you get signed you're an investment
yes
so it's not like okay we sound you hot
we're putting you right out they got to
build you up and they got to figure out
how they're going to get their money
back
so while i was um on violator i seen
artists doing their thing and i and i
felt like i was
suspended in time because you were
signed to violate the records right
yeah okay not the numbers
so also like the conflict that that was
happening with me when i wasn't with the
firm
that slowed things up right because a
lot of labels they market you
they piggyback off of other things so
that that helps with their marketing
right so that they had to change
switch lanes right but i believed in
myself i knew what else
i was capable of and at the time bad boy
dominated hip-hop
because you were supposed to be selling
the bad boy right i wanted i could have
signed the bat i mean i can't say i
could have but puffy
when i puffy dance show i was in puppy's
office and puppy was pretty excited
it was me
the reason i never went back puffs like
yo just come back with some songs
um because somebody you know it was like
people in our circle was like
don't don't just chill because that's
that's going to affect the firm thing
right
so my loyalty wow yeah i would have
loved to i'd have signed a puppy with no
lawyer
but
is
[Music]
so this little white thing is it's a
little thing
go ahead so only reason i never went
back to bad boys because because of my
loyalty i was told not to
right and i didn't so let me ask you
something because
during that time
it was steve style and it was chris lady
you was on the chris lady side
did you feel like you ever got caught in
between chris lighty and chris
and i'm steve stout [__] because you
know they had beef on the law
i know that i found that out i didn't
really know
but when steve was on your show he said
something about chris
listen when i went back and i looked at
it that wasn't tasteful that was not
tasty
um hold on before you say something i'm
gonna say this
i owed you my geronimo and az
apology because i still wouldn't let
steve stout say whatever he wanted to
say but i'm supposed to check him
at that time i wasn't skilled
i wasn't enough to stop and be
articulate
and i was wanting to iron out me and his
[__]
so much that i i let that [__] go above
my head but i always that's something
that i i regret you
a z and michael ronaldo should have said
something but like i said
but let's now let me get back to the
original question
because what i found out later on in
life
was steve and chris had a quiet beef
they saw each other and they were very
cordial
they were very respectful it threw me
off because we from
we got beef get them as soon as you see
him oh we're not [__] with you
so did you ever feel like you was caught
in between that
i was confused i thought that was cool
yes but it's like
chris wanted to sign me and then steve
was like
at one point steve was like don't sign
the deal i have certain sets for you
a certain day like yeah okay so i'm like
all right
so it didn't happen see the thing
i'm sorry i'm going all over the place
you were like the number one thing to
sign
like you were like for lack of a better
term
i had the biggest bucks you had the
biggest ball i was like the biggest
biggest buzz so
i know they played politics with you um
like i know that do you do you remember
you don't remember
i remember i remember i'm talking to you
i remember i almost had the penalty deal
hmm yo i gonna lie listen everybody
wanted to sign mecca like it was like
i'm glad i didn't take the penalty
yes we did but um yeah i had a big boys
i had dumb mad labels running this on me
right um i just
i went with um i went with the most
money which is not the best
not the best thing you want to go with
the people that's going to cater to you
so sign us to death jam was like signing
to the um to the yankees
right like you might not it is signing
into the game yeah you're saying to the
brand yeah
the brand so it's like i signed it
because
i grew up off of ll and slipped rick and
public enemy i signed this
leo kevin this was leo like kevin last
came a little after okay okay
but um yeah leo was there um i learned a
lot from leo
people say a lot of things about leo but
i'm gonna tell you one thing he's one of
my favorite ceos i i learned a lot from
leo so i can't in front of that man
i learned a lot from him too so
now let's get straight to it okay so
steve style
i wanted to i wanted to understand what
he was doing steve style came on here
and he said why because nah i shouted
out mega he was supposed to
just be on misconception
and god bless steve because i don't want
to see him like
but a lot of people don't know but for
my wife i'm about to say we bought some
ace for the only
it's only [__] approved here for ace
all right
a lot of people don't know and i'm not
saying this because you hear i say this
when you're not here one of the big
one of the illest mc's coming out of
queens was you
prior before i heard of nas and now that
i was talking about the street [__]
i heard of you they was always saying
there's a dude from
a queensbridge called mega he's the next
guy he's the next guy
so when i did went back and i heard stop
saying that
it it didn't disturb me because he's
from queens
so he had to hear the same room as i
heard
maybe not maybe not because he's from a
different part of queens and he's
yeah he he didn't do his research and
and and
sometimes when you're successful like he
is you only hear
what you want to hear yeah that's real
so
the way i seen it he didn't believe in
me and he didn't he didn't do his
research enough
because um like you said before i went
to jail
i was buzzing i heard about mega before
i heard about nas
rhyming yeah being honest and when and
and um
there was a time when um molly mar was
like dr dre of the east coast
you know sandy he just brought elle's
career back
in the early 90s he was working with tlc
and this one and that were big people
and he wasn't he was busy so like there
was no artisan queen
that caught his attention right so and
he heard everybody
so i was on the street still and um
i think i told you before there's a
woman named mary stevens
from queensbridge and um
she uh got word to somebody hank
hank carter who knew molly and she was
like i want
marlon to hear his music because this
guy is good you know
you just called marty mar marley i'm all
again okay
yeah i like that so so uh
molly got one to one of my joints i had
a song called sexual experience of money
and molly heard it and next thing you
know i got the call i was like yo
molly want you tj elias was my producer
at first
so me and elias was going to molly
moore's house recording
and um the unfortunate was nas rhyming
at that time
okay now um actually um
this is history right now when um
live at the barbecue lava bbq and all
that was that was out already
wow um but i still was buzzing now
i was doing this thing too but i was
buzzing and um the funny thing is you
caught a case
yeah i caught a case but the funny thing
is um
even when um when i was planning my [__]
i always even as an artist i always
try to look out for people that was my
people like we went to brooklyn queens
day
i remember the first metal park and um
we got on the stage you and us yeah
i feel like yeah i was performing i feel
like he had a bucket hat on guacanelli i
don't remember okay
i know trash was ramen okay and yeah me
said give mega to mike
uh yammy jumped on the stage and rest in
pcm
yeah and got the mic wow and um
i jumped on the stage right and um
i said it was nice now i jumped on the
stage
and i did my verse from um a song called
set it off that was on one of the poet's
albums
and um now they divert from live at the
barbecue wow so i wasn't even on
and i still was showing love that's how
he was you know what i'm saying so
i opened up for eric being rock him at
the apollo wow
so all this stuff steve need to chill
cause he didn't he didn't do his
research
he didn't like me he took things
personal even with the
he took things personal like you know
what i think meg i'm sorry to cut you
off
and this is i'm not i'm not defending
him but what i think was he was invested
in knives and eyes that's
it anything came around or
disputed knives he just didn't want
nothing to do with it he he you know
in that same show he told me he hated on
me to my face he said i thought you
ain't go hard no
yeah he said that to my face so well i'm
gonna show you
just how okay all right
complex magazine interview with steve
stout there was an interview with
cormega saying you
there was an interview where coleman was
saying that you had a role in him being
kicked out the firm
hey steve he was never in the firm man
he should have never been in the firm
believe me he wasn't he did not truly
didn't get along
that was cool he just got out of jail it
took him a while to get acclimated to
what was going on
time out let me fix this right now first
of all one love came out steve you
wasn't even in the picture you was not
not's manager
until it was written when one luck came
out i was in jail
when it was i was there when i was
whenever you steal my y'all together
that yes yes steve wasn't around
i was there with nas met steve so right
now you're giving the impression that
you was there you wasn't he's on
fire
[Applause]
even when knives were shouting them out
on one love they weren't cool that was
cool
he just got on jail no i didn't get out
of jail i was in jail that's why i said
one love
one love is a term of endearment that
people write in jail when i was writing
knives from jail i would write one love
to at the end of my letter okay
now continue yes that was cool he just
got out of jail it took him a while to
get acclimated to what was going on
in a business sense he said in a
business sense and his manager at the
time
a lot of different things and you've
managed to thomas chris
no time out he said in a business sense
and his manager at the time
biz a lot of different things yes okay
listen to that they didn't like biz
okay biz wasn't seasoned he was new but
there goes
there goes arrogant mega again i gave
somebody from the project
a chance to be my manager uh there goes
me showing love
as usual so biz didn't have the savvy
business savvy of amar pitts or steve or
chris
but he was somebody from the hood that i
was trying to give a chance to
all right so in the businesses in the
business sense i own my master's and i
own my publishing
right so how i didn't have a business
thing i've been owning my publisher
since i was on deaf jams
wow okay um
a lot of different things but here's
this
he's actually a really good guy
this is thieves this is steve style okay
how the [__] are you belligerent
and a really good guy that's
inconsistent
you can't be belligerent and be a really
good guy
this cross examination is out of control
hold on
i let us break down time i'm good but he
felt like nas owed him too much
and felt like he was too important yo
on my mother's grave you could call
knives you could act nice in your
private life or on your per
or anytime i've never asked knives for a
penny
now it's not even the only famous dude
from queensbridge i never asked
marley marl for anything i never asked
shane craig
shantay craig nature capone
nori mark deep louis
louis de val ron artest everybody from
the bridges tell you
even your man used to say that mega
don't have no life for [__] right now
so how so so so this is a guy who takes
things too
personal right you can't mix business
with personal
so when he wants to compete with chris
lott that's the difference between chris
and steve christine christian let the
personal
intervene with the business so when
you're saying
uh i had to get acclimated advocate
activates the street i was just out of
jail
you can't tell somebody that's fresh out
of jail some of these things that you
were saying to me as a man
now with all this being said um
i brought i showed this i read this to
show you the inconsistencies right
and so the next question was so even
when he was on affirmative action he
wasn't actually part of the firm they
asked him that because they're like
obviously shocked and he's like well he
was at the time
you just contradicted your very first
statement can you say you never he never
was exactly
he said the idea did surround him and he
just barked out
right he said that project should have
been fantastic i have arguments all the
time
with jay and puff you bouncing you
deflected from the question
so my thing is this
where did i bug out at where did i book
out cause i didn't sign to you
yeah probably because any uh anything
other than that i didn't bark out
but you understand that though you
understand that but
let me say this you probably you nazman
he manages nas
you come home you get the bigger deal
with his
enemy that we learned later i didn't
know that the enemy and that's not my
business
it's true i just came home i'm trying i
just came home from but you do see where
he's coming from though i don't see
where he's coming from because he's
cause
cause i'm the type of dude now see
before you didn't know me like you know
me now and that's the thing a lot of
people don't know that you know me
better now
you could talk to me about anything no
but what i'm trying to say if you ever
told me that all i'm trying to say is
trying to see it from his
angle and his angle he's probably like
yo
what uh cormega is one of this this this
is a mythical creature right this
guy's has so much buzz and he's nice man
so he probably looked at it like you
supposed to sign with me
and you signed to chris even though it
was violating your
records i'm just trying to give you
steve styles i think he took offense to
it i think he might have took offense to
it nor
listen to this retribution afterwards
this how this
[__] record label game [__] is
i'm not good with spike
i'm not good with spike like i'm very
transparent
like you know that i'm gonna take person
if i get upset about sunday
yo sign it i move honorably
right even people that don't [__] with
me be like yo megan's a loyal dude
megan's a solid dude straight up you
know that you know people from the
streets yes
yo we never had but you see that's where
steve
could have been coming from he was doing
too much stuff to
to to to win my my my affiliation with
him
yo they raised me off a song
a lot familiar i was online familiar the
regular version then i got
i didn't raised off you know what i'm
saying or i go to a
if there's if there's a show there was a
show one time
and there's a bunch of people from the
hood queensbridge there
so i'm on the live we're all on the line
we're getting in the show so i'm last
i stand last because i'm an artist i'm
mega so y'all go in i'm telling the guy
let them go because i'm gonna get in and
it's at um nassau coliseum
so there's a bunch of tickets for all of
us so
the tickets steve gave me i'm thinking
i'm good everybody got tickets so
he's reading regular people from her you
know some of these people
so he's like the us is looking at the
tickets so he's pointing like all right
your city's over there like four seasons
don't tell me don't tell me your tickets
will see
my tickets
he was playing a lot of games like that
right but
that you know if he would if me and
steve would have really had dialogue i
think
we could have had to understand but we
didn't have a dialogue i think me and
you went through the same thing with him
that's the reason why
i'm actually like try to rep for him a
little bit is because
i feel like we chose the other side we
would lose chris's voice
you understand like we were we would we
you were violated whether you look at it
like that or not i was violated
and later on in life after him coming on
the show and him saying
you know because you guys will request
and put it on and he's saying all that
it hit me later that i was in the middle
of a war that i didn't know i was in
time out this is why money this is why
money
doesn't make you happy or money isn't
everything because first of all how long
has chris been dead
a minute right how long has he how long
has these interactions happen
me signing with with with violate was
1996.
so you mean in 2018 no what was that
interview 2017 2017 2018 27 how many
years later like this you're a
millionaire right now
you you got a good life like let all
that [__] go i let go yo i don't have no
beef with nobody no more
i don't even got beef with i don't got
beef with steve i've got no problem with
steve
i respect steve you know what i'm saying
whatever happened in the past that's the
past
yo people that are living people that
live in the past
don't have no real estate in the present
i think we make some noise for them
virginia so you do know you're a legend
they're gonna have to talk about you
they gotta talk about you meg i i feel
like sometimes
you humble yourself and feel like people
shouldn't but that's that you're part of
hip hop history
they're gonna bring you up every [__]
time you see that word you just used
and if you follow me on social media you
be in my shows
that's the word more people use than
arrogant mega is mad humble
i didn't even know that about myself i
didn't
i just thought i was quiet matthew be
like i do regular stuff
that's regular to me like but fans
find it they they they find it
to be bigger than normal because a lot
of artists don't do the things i do
i've been talking to fans on social i've
been on social media for
what over over 15 years i mean i've been
on the internet
for over 15 years i was doing stuff
before people was doing it
i was on the internet i don't even know
yet but you know this stuff
like i interact with my fans after the
shows you've been at shows
i talked to them i signed the autographs
like i'm
i'm the same the same way i am now i've
been like that
it's just that a lot of people didn't
know that they they had their
perceptions
so the scariest thing about this whole
conversation that we just having
is that a lot of the narratives on me
were created by
other people not even by my own actions
and that's the [__] up thing and
that's why i was like
[__] the industry because it's like
people was creating these things i don't
even like to party
it's like you want to be in the
limelight the party today have a sick
got that
jesus louise you got jay-z approved you
brothers 500.
this is a 55 a sip fifty five dollars a
sit please have one sip goddammit cheese
louise papa cheese
come on man come on let's do it let's do
it
come on what's it what's it called
diablo
you think about this all right go ahead
what's the next question oh god sorry
listen
i said on drink champs with trash i said
i think mega became an even better
person
when you took your shahada i attribute
that to islam
am i wrong i think where's my phone at
oh you got more species now i got to
know i want to know i think
i think i think you're right and i think
you're wrong
i'm like i'll respect this i think
you're right you take it from wrong
first
i think you're wrong because you feel
like you're somebody brought this out
recently
there's like you know i've seen the
thing with nori like he's like you've
been like that
like you gotta understand like queen's
bridge
you was a part of the uh the movement
yes i'm not focusing but i'm focused
so you know this just from you being out
there there's different movements
and these people stick today set these
people stick today set
sometimes rappers have uh
issues with each other they don't even
because of the rappers because of other
people
people involved so i think you really
never
me and you was cordial but we never
really got to know each other right
so if you are fed a certain thing if i'm
a quiet dude and you see me post it up
and like you said i'm looking a certain
way you might look like oh this dude
think he
well if you know me i've been
think about it i took the whole queen
for it to six flags i wasn't muslim when
i did that
i was paying for basketball tournaments
for women i was a muslim when i did that
i put bids on in front of projects he
never managed nobody
i had superstar managers wanted to
manage me i wasn't muslim when i did
that
like i did a lot for a lot of people
that's real i wasn't muslim when i did
that
even in the street you never heard i
like i never abused my power i
i i used to i always was trying to make
peace
you know what i'm saying but people
don't talk about that right so it's like
i think um
i think you never really got to know me
people don't know like like that night
when we
was in 2014 yeah we we the queen's
bridge we say the cruise bridge is me
yeah he's the only two rappers out of
line by the way
so the only two rappers in the whole
[__] thing
i think after that we really started
having com
before we just had peace and all of that
and um
back in the days i didn't know where you
stood because i keep it real
there was times when we had a mutual um
associate or whatever you were calling
and he would be like yeah nori said like
like
it almost made it feel like me you was
me and you was competition but we wasn't
competition
oh like like um yeah but um
because trash said that trash said oh
you're a mega
it's cool i gotta know for that too
so and the crazy thing was it wasn't
that i don't think he was saying that
what i think he was saying was i've
never seen y'all hung out together i
think
because we didn't when we would hang out
we wouldn't but it's been
so my thing is this i'll get to that in
a minute
so ready
when me and you got cool we did
something we never did in the past like
i might see you at a show
and we're standing around each other yo
what up naughty what's good you got your
people i got my people we good
you know what i'm saying but and i will
invite you to show you invite me to
shows you come out with my guests i come
out here again
yeah but then it's always somebody in
between that that uh
yo yeah nobody said this somebody told
me you didn't like me
so that's so so so listen so when son
said y'all hate each other for one
that's an exaggeration
because hate is a strong word that's
true so as a man right did me and you
ever stop each other's money never
did we ever try to go at each other's
lane never did we ever have physical
conflict
ever so why the [__] would i hate you
that was always other people
so as far as the like part i didn't know
if i should like you because i'm hearing
like murray said this
so i'm like what it's like
but it's like damn i'm trying to figure
nori out
because somebody said something but then
noria showed me love yes
i you just it was the same thing back
for me yeah people would
you know what it was i think people just
didn't want us to be cool like i think
so
yeah yo bro you gotta understand i went
against queensbridge
i went against my own people to yo don't
you're not jumping him
yes yeah that's how we so [__] like that
trash don't know
because he wasn't dead so and then
yo you doing clue show you inviting me
to clue show
see [__] like that i remember or you did
your video i'm in the video
in a starring role video mama you source
the rhymes of the stars
so i'm like yo so it's like okay for
somebody that don't like me this dude is
showing a lot of love
i feel like i feel like they did they
played us yesterday so i think so so
like i said and i thought to myself
recently i said you know what
like think about how many people we know
that's dead and you be like damn he died
over some [__]
or somebody that's in jail and he'd be
like damn he enjoyed some [__]
so you got to think about that with
relationships like why didn't i like
nori
well why didn't like because somebody
said no you don't like me
i gotta i gotta you know maggie don't
like me because that exactly
because you feel like i don't get
defensive so it's like very true so it's
very true in reality
i
[Music]
weirdest i don't know what it is and
you you hit me and you say yo why would
you ask
trash about me and the thing is i didn't
know where y'all stood
as a real human
and we didn't speak about it off camera
or on camera trash
so i need to hear your side of the story
i'm gonna say this what is he right now
is he five
is he right what is he i don't
understand isn't he
brother what is he like is he five
percent what is he what's his
what is he right now i'm not sure okay i
think he's popping because he's all
right
so all right if he's five percent up on
that show that you did
he said yeah
you know what kills me about you omega
y'all used to hate each other
right okay
so and then you said
i get megan now he said
you get him now does he get you um doubt
descent that was a fork tongue
that was what that was a forked tongue
four times
forked i've never heard this expression
this sounds like this
thank you right so i'm like wow
that's like something like sliding
sliding down saying that even if i like
you
you like you really don't like me that's
what you said okay he said dude does he
get you
right so and then you said to me megan's
a better person since he became muslim
yes then he said i've been on shahadah
i've been on all those schools of
thought
i'm the same i'm the same [__] though
so my thing is this
yeah you try it i'm not prepared tragedy
is a competitive dude and you know this
he's always been and he still is and
this ain't the point in life
you're supposed to be chilling right now
so if you just said
meg is a better person since he became
muslim why you can't just be proud of me
why he couldn't just be proud at megas
being a better person
right then he says uh i've been on
shahada i've been on all those trains
with
as if those things are behind you now
that doesn't make you a better person so
so now if you're righteous right
right i had to write this down
this is so articulate i am how can one
claim to be righteous
and not have knowledge wisdom and
understanding of two men
having peace when the very first word
you say to a brother or sister
is peace whether it's god or earth
you say peace to them peace so knowledge
of self
is just information if not applied in
your ways and actions
so if he's seen that me and you
were not cool back in the days
and we're cool now yeah that should tend
to be celebrated not
questions uh i understand so
i made a mental note of that and then i
said
any man that truly understands the
merits of peace
would commend those who find it unless
unless it is something he
himself has yet to find
progression is like taking off my
glasses
goddammit keep going any man that truly
understands the merits of peace
will commend those who find it unless it
is something he himself has yet to find
progression is foreign for those content
with standing
in regression peace is a beautiful thing
that's why it's noticeable when a person
is at peace
they move different and lack of peace
leaves you vulnerable to turmoil and
that too is noticeable
well i i attribute that i'm being being
honest with you
because like i said we didn't know each
other we didn't know each other but
since it might have been my there's just
harder that that
i'll get all that but the thing is i be
feeling like you at peace now
i'm at you you know what it was back
then i just felt like
i felt like we were at war period
rappers
so we was always on guard exactly
but i just felt like in these recent
years me seeing you you've just been
acquiring that same exact [__] you said
that you've been you
you you come across like as a peaceful
person i'll break that down to you
two things it's it's um it's a few
things that make me
there's a few things that make me um at
peace
um being muslim does bring you peace
um if you if you seek in it
and somebody like us where we came from
we gotta seek peace because we see the
other side so much
like yo your mom's still alive right so
it's like that's yo
bro i don't got that right so on your
worst days
let's just say you fell off you had
nothing you could go
you could go get that hug from mom you
could go get that
that home-cooked meal that conversation
i
my mom wasn't my mom never got to see me
tie my shoelaces
never got to see me graduate from
kindergarten never got to see me riding
a bike
so so it's people like you
that i look at y'all like y'all blessed
to have that
so the muslim thing is like you have to
carry yourself a certain way as a muslim
it's a thing called a dab too
it's a respect that you show others and
and it's like um the energy you put out
is is kind of like the energy that you
would want to receive
now as a muslim i try to set example
or i try to lead by example with my ways
and my action that's why i try not to be
con
inconsistent and that's why um i do
everything well
throw it out um the reason i want peace
is because i never had it
it's just like when you poor you want
money when you cold you won't want it's
hard
killing it like marcus garvey time's too
early
that's hard that was hard i'm sorry i
spoke to one of my friends he's not from
the hood um
he's a white guy he was raised in um new
england just comes from a good family
and he's seen he said yo mega you've
been in more funerals than
than some than my grandfather
no people in their 80s and you know get
to certain age your grandfather's
your grandparents they don't have no
friends it's like
when you look at my life since you knew
me
is it different between knowing somebody
being close to somebody look at the
people that died from queens without
thorough that was close knock knock
aight with me like drawers was close
with me
yeah he spanked spain pete like you know
these it wasn't people
i wasn't with these people you know i
lost so many people my cousin oogie died
you know it's a crazy [__] man i'm gonna
tell you something bro
i had never knew best friends shoot at
each other until i went to queensbury
is that [__] up yeah yeah i mean
crazy [__] i'm everywhere but queen
bridge is different sometimes
listen i went one week it was
lake and draws in the pterodam
together and the next week they say you
can't go there
and i said why and they said lake enjoy
zach walker oh you was coming crazy back
there i wasn't i was so
i don't know like i came with shot me
shout me from me there i went
one week wow and that was the first time
i said damn best friends could become
strangers like that nas line i've been
best friends become strangers
i remember that like it was yesterday i
remember
lake and draws being best friends and
when i came back and i asked for them
together
every it was like it was taboo to
actually like what are you talking about
hanging together
i was like i saw that i saw this with my
own eyes wow
that was my first life lesson that
you can be best friends and enemies the
[__] very next day because that's how
it seemed like to me
and that's and that's why recipes draws
recipes to drugs
it took me years to heal from george
dying um
and that's why i seek peace and that's
why i think
i'm sorry can you say that again you
said it took years for you it took me
years to recover
from drawers being gone it wasn't an
easy loss for me
is is it okay we talk about the
situation
for us because i'm i'll tell you and you
could tell me if you want to or
edit this part out cause this this hurt
me too
the fact that it was like a 18 year old
i don't think it was no i don't think
he's 18. the dude who killed him no he's
not 18. oh he's older than that
all right but it's still it's still sad
because
because is that like the og's not
respecting the young culture is that us
being old sometimes no no
no it's it's i think draws
drugs love i don't think nobody wore
queensbridge on his chest like drugs
nobody did
nobody and i think he bumpy's close up
he's he's like close second
yeah shout out to bump draws
love the hood so hard he would defend
anybody
and i think he was just
he just loved the hood the love that he
gave should have that that should have
never happened he hasn't even been in
the hood
that [__] i stopped going to queens
bridge when droids died for like
a year and i couldn't even walk by that
area because it hurt
um actually hurt me too
yeah i'm not even from queensbury that
was my man like
i know draws i know the the other person
i know draws mother i know the other
person's mother wow
i don't know you know what i'm saying so
that's the saddest thing about hood
beeps and that's why sometimes you gotta
like the old me you know what the
problem is
we move off ego and pride sometimes we
get
we we have spontaneous reactions it's
like you know what i'm saying
and it's like i said before like a gun
has to be the last resort not the first
response
because you can't take that back
[Music]
this nigga's kicking right now so a lot
of times
a lot of things that happen in the hood
if we just thought it out
it wouldn't have happened like my crew
draws was a good fella and i
i always heard of the good fellas yeah
draws was a good fella and
like that that that caused the divide
because droves was part of us and 40
buses and good fellas
what is what's the difference 40 buses
is a different crew 40 buses is like
that's one of the first the 40 buses is
like the prototype for us
like you know what i'm saying like we we
we respect them you know what i'm saying
um the way they move they move like a
family like a unit
and um basically it was like
the prototype for us there was a
blueprint for us that those people came
before you or not yeah yeah okay
and then let's just
where's drawers from he's from temp
street or he draws from 40's out of 10th
street
rest in peace to herb too her her
brother died
he's from 10th street so listen let's
just give 10 seconds
of total silence right now because he's
from 10th street
and let's give some love to my brother
sados ready
10 seconds
rest in peace draw solo
yo i ain't gonna fire bronx draws on
tour with me i've
never seen somebody this crazy like i
love
girls like he he was going to just lose
his mind trolls is different
yours is a different dude man i miss him
even puff no drawers
next time you see puppy asking about
drawers get out of here yes
get out of it so
all right we get
you come home right
you you're aware that these people want
to sign you we're aware that these
people want to sign
how was it initially that you you you
made that decision to go with chris or
to to to do it and i imagine and i
sincerely do not know this answer was
nas helping you in that direction
or was it like and this was nice
when you came home i came home 95. i got
them signed in 96.
um when i came home
something was like because it's becoming
nas at this point he was already hanging
out yo real talk he could have retired
after illmatic and he would still be
mentioned as the greatest
one of the greatest you know that's real
[__] so he was already who he was um
when i came home he tried to get me a
deal see this thing chris
i mean um steve don't know son tried to
give me a deal already
they just didn't yeah he tried to give
me a deal with um capitol records wait
when you came home yes before that was
even in the picture
but they didn't they didn't they didn't
jump on it they didn't
so i said to myself um
i just got to work harder you know what
i'm saying
so i started jumping on mad mixtapes i
started going to
doing ciphers ironically in miami i went
to how can i be down
mm-hmm and i started i was in peter
thomas spot yeah
you know what i'm saying i was inside
had to drop from everything i was in
killing it so then people was like
steve rifkin steve rivkins brother i'll
never forget this day
because this is like i'll keep it real
goes wrong moment
steve rifkin's brother was like cause
the god biz
used to manage noi too like when he he
had annoyed at me at the same time
but nobody went to tommy boy wreckage
yes he did
and loud wanted noise because
yes so they was they felt a way about
that
so um steve riffin's brother was like
yeah listen we'll sign you right now
we just don't want to deal with biz wow
yeah also biz had a funny reputation
no no no i guess it was like oh they
just wasn't
in the hood no not just that because
they was mad about the noise thing
he was connected to he wasn't getting it
now yeah yeah
so it's like he went he took no
elsewhere when they wanted him to bring
noise there
so the guy was like basically saying
ditch this dude right now and you could
go to you could come loud
all right so wu tang mob deep yeah big
pun
mop damn you were in big part of video
too
yeah i was a video guy with my guy so uh
so should we bring up the hunting later
yeah we'll bring that up on that prodigy
so uh yeah so obviously i didn't go to
loud
so you regret that oh no
it looks like respectfully yeah
no no no no no no let me stop everything
let me let me be real
i think everything in life happens the
way it's supposed to happen because
sometimes you gotta fall and in order to
learn how to get up
and sometimes you gotta go through [__]
if i didn't go through the things i went
through
i would have never been independent or
whatever or you know what i'm saying
it's one of the best things about you
that a lot of people don't know
is how hard it is how harder it is to be
independent super hard and how much you
went use relentless with it like
i say that about you like all the time
like
i respect how you kept like from land
speed
to all these these these and you knew
who to [__] with like you knew who the
[__] was at the right time
and i always admired that about you i
always admired your overseas
game because it was one point where
america just didn't want to pay me um
and you know what i did when i was from
i was the doozo dorf germany i was in
dublin
i was in [__] frankfurt hamburg i was
in [__]
amsterdam every [__] other week and
the only
person i knew that was doing that was
you yeah
and i was like he's a hustler because
he's doing it i respected that because i
knew you're doing exactly the same thing
you
you wanted your quota yeah and you ain't
gonna come down here
that's what i was doing it for yeah and
but but
how did you see the the future to be
independent like that off the gate yeah
that's a great question
he had a journalist a hustler a hustler
was a hustler
the way i looked at it like this because
you know most artists would have left a
amazing
independent and it would have been a
while before they even got the courage
i'm being honest i'm sorry to defer this
curse i hate being independent it's hard
it's
[__] it's hard it's not glorious i
told people that it's not glorious
it's not so you're not going to get all
the perks or everybody else get but
if you put in that work i had a longer
career than a lot of artists that that
have that got more
um shine than me or that that i was
overlooked for certain other artists
and now here i am 2020
on drink champs and they can't even get
on the show goddammit
but you started doing the independent
grind right out there right right out
the major i started doing a lot of [__]
you did it when it wasn't cool no i
didn't but i said it because it's not
cool
a lot of people had jokes a lot of
artists would leave a major
and dwell on it before they even start
to do anything a lot of artists that
instead of taking advantage that you
were just on a major the audience
doesn't know that and then just start
putting out the stuff
you can't take back to two million they
spend on you on production right yeah
exactly
yeah just gotta go go hard from there
right a lot of artists
that are a lot i've seen a lot of
artists that were dope
ass oh i'm talking about dope and they
get shelved and you never hear from them
again they don't even rap no more right
and i was not gonna let that happen to
me so um
let's go back to chris lighty one of the
things like i said chris lottie gave me
tough love and he made me want to prove
things to him
one of the first things that i did
i was the first dude to do a mixtape
nobody had mixed tapes out like albums
like an artist mixtape right right
nobody did that before me they people
don't even want to give me my credit but
it's out there the facts is out there
you gotta do it look
nobody was doing mixtapes i came off
that montana weight joint
way back so so by the time survivor
ellis tour came out chris lottie wanted
me to go on the tournament
on onyx dmx that's what dmx is on
fire like scorching so i went on that
let me on that car
i went on that track i tried to get on
the tour just just so you know
yeah okay so i went i went on that tour
and i was killing it you can see the
footage online for some of the shows
so when we go to places like i remember
we first went to chicago and detroit
apollo you we did that foxy and that's
when freeze came out and was
looking crazy that's great i don't know
i've seen that yeah
so we did though we did the uh we did
the survival ellis tour i went across
the country with no album out with no
single out
but people knew the words to my songs
from that mixtape
so when i go to chicago i keep it real
i probably told you this before when i
went to chicago i was like chicago and
detroit i'm gonna say i'm sick
because i don't want to perform i was
scared i was like because i don't got
nothing out these people are not going
to know me they're going to probably boo
me i was scared
and then i said effort i'm just going to
do it i got on stage in chicago
i probably got one of the la i probably
got the second loudest devotion
of ovation at night and i'm like wow so
we go to detroit
i'm getting love too so all of them
oh yeah so i'm like people like i got
your album i'm like what you talking
about and they show me in the mix tape
they looked at my mixtape like it was an
album that's how i got big in london too
but also because def jams back in the
days
record companies you probably know this
because you was a dj
they would send your music out sometimes
they would send your whole album to send
that tapes i got mad dad tapes of comed
they would send you music and it was
sometimes overseas they would give you
them your whole album because you're
saying that yeah they gave me my whole
album so by the time i go to london
i went to london they haven't holding
they're like yo they said i bought this
illegally yeah
they name it
so yeah so from doing that mixtape
that's how i traveled the country and
that's how i knew i had a buzz
and that's what i'm telling chris i'm
like yo bro and chris like you sure
like like chris is like yo don't let
your like don't let your meds like
gas you like cause we need people that's
gonna buy wrecks i'm like chris i'm
telling you
then other people like yo chris i ain't
other people like your chris i seen them
selling megan's mixtape and get in a car
wash and i was getting my car done
so the buzz is starting but once i did
that survival to illest tour
you couldn't tell me nothing i seen it i
rocked the apollo bro
right it's on video i'm sorry so so
i all across the country i never got
booed
it was love everywhere with no album and
no single
that's unheard of that's crazy that's
when i wanted to get off that's why i
got off death jam when i came back from
that tour
i got off the label i said why don't you
decide why because they had no plans for
me
bro if if i'm if i'm i'm a businessman
and i put you on the road with no single
and you're killing it
almost as soon as you come out from that
tour we starting we starting planning
your album
right i came back and there's no plans
until russell simmons was even like
yo what the [__] is going on with mega
[__] shout out to russell
russell simmons was like what's up with
mega [__] watch out he me too
i don't know i don't know what that
means but oh
hey man leave it alone it's a part of my
cousin
that's all good he said what's up with
megan [__] yeah
oh and he calling leo on them he ain't
calling he's dead
he came to the toilet seen me with his
eyes he seen that [__] wow
that's when he was like yo he loved the
song montana diary
wow so it's like i'm like right
russell's a hip-hop [__] like he really
you know what i'm saying matter of fact
i played myself part of me for santa
inward
he's a hip-hop dude i'm not trying to
say the n-word neither yeah i'm trying
so anyway
so after that tour when i seen it had no
plans for me
i said i can't be here no more in the
last straw
unfortunately when when a violated um
compilation
compilation came out i was only on one
song
i i took offense to that because i was
talking on one song too
huh i think i was only on one side but
you're on violating management i'm gonna
violate it man i'm gonna violate a
wreckage
damn i only got one song so how do y'all
get up
how y'all building me up so i was like i
was like there's too much going on
there's too much like they're not
privatizing me
so i was i went up there and i was like
yo you know what so you left def jam
and violated at the same time it's the
same thing but it
violated it was violated def jams yeah i
went to camp
deal i went to kevin lowe's and i i went
to kevin lau's office at first i told
christendom what i wanted
kevin not skinny kevin yeah that's when
he was fat this is fat
that's my mail continue i went to kev
and i spoke to him like a man and i said
yo
i told him i wanted to get off the label
and i said because um
yeah yeah y'all not help yeah i said
nothing's nothing on the shelf is gonna
there's nothing sustainable on the shelf
like if i'm on the shelf that y'all
don't have no plans for me and i said
every day you come to this office
you're driving in a nice car and you
drive into your nice house
i said i want nice things too i said i
want to live my life and i want to
create as an artist i asked him and i
asked him like a man i said all my years
of being an artist here
i've never let my street affiliation
or strength conflict with my
professionalism as an artist
i said it just like that to him so i i
basically gave him an offer he couldn't
refuse
and spanking him was right outside of
this so
so um and um
they respectfully yeah i got my release
after that
and they gave me money they gave me like
a damn more than free and clear yeah
they gave me like a
i guess like head heads will hold you
down right because you're not
you know you're not going to be signed
anymore so like a severance
you couldn't sign somewhere immediately
i just uh
they made me sound somewhere i couldn't
sue them because they did a lot of [__]
[__]
so that's how i got off the death jam
but
um when i got off
um shout out to my man bimmy
queensberry okay bimmy
flew me out to california warner
brothers was gonna give me seven hundred
thousand
this is a fantastic story let's keep
continuing
that's how i'm streaming for bimmy wow
baby took me out there bit me always
believed in me bimmy was in jail with me
and everything
wow yeah so matter of fact i had his
number i call him right now
but um i ain't got his number no i said
if i had i would call him
um so yeah i had a situation there but
warner brothers that's when warner
brothers was going through this
restructuring [__] and if you know about
when the labels have mergers
everything stops yeah so i'd have been
on the shelf again
and in this rap game you can't be on the
shelf for four years and then sit for
yes you're done after that
so i i i didn't want to just i didn't
want to do that
so i said you know what we didn't do
that because they was going through that
merger thing i didn't want to wait i was
i was i was impatient at that point i
wanted to come out tvt
block records again tbt yeah
so here's the crazy thing they had
little john over there right yeah
what so here's the crazy thing this is
when
i lost respect for def jams
music anything that you hold on to
it depreciates my deal was signed in
1996.
250 thousand dollars man i was the first
rapper to get that quarter million
dollar deal
that was a bag back that was a bad yeah
so
when i went to tbt they was like what
was your deal i was like 250
there's like all right cool so now being
that i was on the shelf
for like four four years they should
they should take a settlement like if
your deal was for 250
take this 150 over that right this one
or this one this one i knew that
you're saying he's being held up they're
not putting them out they're not
releasing them yeah
they're showing you okay that's what
that should that be yeah okay all right
so if you see you later maybe people
come back to you yeah
that [__] was correct
[Music]
this one i have now when i got up def
jams i would i didn't have issues with
them i was still cool with them
you know what i'm saying i'm cool with
them now obviously i'm going to wait for
them but at this moment
the [__] is that yeah there's different
people yeah matter of fact the people
that's dead
i think you know what kind of [__] over
there
[Music]
the indian guy i didn't know why he was
in there i was like this is not the
culture
sorry so [__]
no he's nuts so
this one and this one that's when i
realized the industry's [__] up
tvt gave me the sweetest deal for them
in the world they was giving them back
the whole 250 thousand dollars
back to death yes jeff james said no we
won 350
000. oh yeah my lawyer was like that's
unheard of i've never seen nothing like
that music depreciation that's how i
learned music depreciates from a lawyer
i didn't know that
he was like you was on the shelf for
like five years the music
they that's crazy they wanted 350
000 instead of 250 000.
did that have anything to do with their
lawsuits that they had with each other
what lawsuits were some tvt and dev jam
had crazy lawsuits
oh that's what a job being that way
you might have been caught in the middle
of it maybe i don't know i didn't know
well i know i was pissed i'm like how
the [__] they gonna charge me three
a hundred thousand more than my deal was
for for a five-year-old album
wow so you gotta stop picking up from me
man come on come on to the guard the gun
you blacked out [__]
oh come on i got you bro i got you baby
come on what up the guard not seen baby
come on
[Music]
[Applause]
where you at
okay okay yeah
this beautiful moment that's a good
burning hat right there
beautiful moment right here so so this
is love right here
like when we first started kicking it
again yes when i responded
when i wrote something on instagram for
the first time which [__] people up
the first thing i wrote was
unconditional love because this ain't no
this ain't conditions
son i told you like a man i said
i don't care about the firm it's all
good but i care about my man
that's what he said you know what i'm
saying
so it's like it is what it is this is
beautiful right here
and you're gonna take a sip i can't even
hit
[Music]
bro
a break right now oh if you want i'm
gonna i'm i'm okay
i'll go hold it down man this is very
important and mega
i'll do shots but he ain't he ain't even
doing a drink
i'll do one shot though i'll do one shot
my head
make sure y'all check that [__]
out but right mega
i'm bouncing all around but let's talk
about prodigy
okay no
hold up we don't talk about prodigy yeah
we didn't finish the 350 part
okay let's go 350. listen anyway they
raised it to 350
blunt oh death jam ready
but bluff so they paid for it okay but
so that
killed that deal right right so like i
said before
sometimes things that happen are
supposed to happen
so you can't get upset with it so when
they raised it to 350
i was like [__] the testament album i
got mad
and i made the realness album um so if
that should never happen i don't ever
had an album called a realness
that's why i ain't even mad at that i
can't be mad
are we supposed to meet i think he's
best
all right let's go to now let's take it
to prodigy okay let's go to project you
what was your relationship with prodigy
me and prodigy was cool that was my guy
um actually let me go through my phone
yeah you got notes no i love your notes
i don't got no notes on that one all
right
um i love your notes by the way that
i'm doing that from now on i ain't gonna
lie okay
you gave me my best compliment i told
you that right yeah i said that's one of
my favorite comments you said you
winning
you learning on the job but you win and
i love that that's one of my favorite
compliments
if your people ain't motivating you you
know what i mean
they're questionable so so you're going
for a prodigy quote right now
no no no i'm i'm looking for something
i'm gonna see if it's in my phone okay
show the type of time i'm on
no i got i cut myself i already
established that on camera so
i'm good thank you nephew i respect you
protecting me
but i already established listen i cut
myself shaving [__] this this is what
it is man
here we go um
okay oh you went to see him in jail
yeah i'm on that kind of time my peoples
do you believe that he died off of
eggshells
i don't know what to believe with that
[__] that was that was that was kind
of weird
you ever seen that video they said that
he was about to put out a documentary
about illuminati
and that's the reason why i mean i just
gotta ask because
that's been a theory that i heard so
many things but i just
found it weird that he choked on an egg
i don't know what happened but i just
found it weird
and i know
queensville ain't been the same as far
i'm talking about the music
it just feels different without him here
like
it's unfair almost because like
when you look at it like look how we
vibing
like a madness like look last time we
did an interview
he was like would you do a queen's
queensbridge tour and i was like nah
but now it's like me and son is on you
know what i'm saying
just had an eyes on the phone me and you
come on we great so it's like
imagine prodigy you know what the crazy
[__] is that was the actual i had you
know i had 750 000 for us
to perform for the some saudis prince
dude
house i'd have went and i had every
everyone said yeah but p wow at one
point
everyone said yeah but pete at one point
and
oh [__] now just calling back wait on
facetime
wait are you calling it back yo hold on
what's going on
yeah let's do it again come on come on
come on
god damn
you already know beautiful moment
it's a good look it's a good look
beautiful
[Music]
to get him moment uh you know what man
take a drink
one step
[Applause]
that's for the culture yo if you get
that
yo hold up
you know what i gotta say say it
son i love you
i'm proud of you and um
hope you get that [__] grammy man
you know where we are
exactly that's that's what i'm saying
[Music]
i love you bro let's go baby
oh man this is legendary man this
legendary i don't even know who's
talking about prizes
let's finish prodigy right okay take
this dream i'm not drinking no more okay
all right
don't worry no where's 55 or sip so i'm
gonna finish yo [__] don't worry about
pause
go ahead tell jay you're approved man a
lot of people not jc approved
i got to make a fortune oh jay no jay
let me rock one of those shows before
too oh yeah let's talk about that i mean
whatever you want to go producing now
let's take a listen
and then we go today so i showed you the
prodigy picture
you went to see him in jail yeah i ain't
even gonna see paul in the jail i'm a
foul [__] but i'm paying this comment
section
but i paid his comment section
so like i said thomas used to take the
foul [__] probably
uh probably she's a good brother and uh
he's missed and um
it just don't feel the same without him
and so love that you said that in
certain instances you know what i'm
saying
i wish he was here and i hope um i hope
havoc knows that uh
you know everybody's fully behind him
and we want him to carry on that
tradition and that legacy you know what
i'm saying
all right so this is probably you
probably the only
person that's qualified
to answer this question right now okay
yeah i really need them it was a big
discrepancy
his mural had a mural
and then his mural got violated you're
probably the only person
that can answer this and i i need you to
be the same way you've been in this
whole interview
what was going on with that i don't know
what the [__] was going on with that
i respect that answer as well i mean
when when i first heard about it i
thought it was like
i couldn't even believe it i was like
wow it's like when you think about it
you could be the most despised criminal
in the world you're on the fbi's most
wanted list soon as you're dead
you're not despised no more it's over
and in my fear you could have a war
with this whole other family as soon as
you're dead it's like
some people from that family might even
pay respects right so it's like
that [__] you're an artist from an
artist's perspective
that [__] made queensbridge look very
bad
because i'm an artist and i know what
people are saying around the world and i
know what executives were saying
and you probably heard it too nobody
wanted to [__] that [__] made
the whole that made queen the movement
looked bad and executives was mad fans
was mad
it was bad so it's like the man is dead
and it's like
i don't know what to say about that i
wasn't there i didn't do it i don't got
nothing to do with it
and um it happened three times twice
twice excuse me you're right
i know
i just wish everybody
i wish everybody would uh
would grow from things
i wish um
yo you know what i noticed yo when ego
takes the will you never get to your
destination bro
and it's like
sometimes um
we gotta learn when to put our ego down
[Music]
and just and just be men or just we
gotta have more empathy
also and not pride because
that was one of my flaws as a man
at one point and it's like
sometimes you gotta question yourself i
question myself
what has my pride got in me because your
pride is only gonna validate you
while you're in the when you're in the
thriller when you're in the heat of the
moment
somebody's violating it's like boom yeah
what but
pride is that instigator that's never
around when consequences come around
so proud to make you do something and
then the next day
regret takes over the conversation
regret you ever do something and then
the next day you'll be like
damn i wish all the time that why why
why we can't avoid why we can't nip that
boy the regret avoid the regret so
that's the thing we got to do
as men like dudes gotta put their egos
aside because
because um because that [__] that [__]
ain't getting you nowhere and that's
that's another reason why i'm at peace
now cause my ego don't control me no
more you know what i'm saying
and at the same time it's like
there's a time to be dangerous there's a
time to be militant but it's always a
time to be a thinker
like think it's the most dangerous
people
yo bro i went to the shooting range and
i realized i shoot better now than i
used to
yo people from the hood you we from the
hood think about this average dude from
the hood can't even shoot
that's why people get that's why there's
so many accidents who shoot this
people get a gun they're just like yeah
what and they just ready to shoot they
don't even know how to shoot
that's very true real short so there's a
lot of things
there's a lot of ghetto things that we
need to go to shoot rain i'll go to the
shooting range everywhere
yeah when i get the time but wait a
minute as a felon you could do that
yeah but oh let's let's clean this up
clean this
up i haven't been in jail i haven't been
in trouble in over 20 joints
i'm 15. so after a while your [__] is cl
after a while she's got one here though
just leave it alone
afterwards put it on me
if it let them into sections so so when
you get in trouble with the law
you got you cut you either gonna keep
that stain on your [__] or you're gonna
try to clean it up
or so it's like me
i never knew i was gonna be worldwide
like that as an artist so now i'm
starting to travel the world and i'm
starting to have problems getting into
have a problem getting into canada yeah
like that oh yeah oh yeah
they don't play that yeah as you know
until you get out of here mate they kick
me out twice
me what are they australians sometimes
so
oh straight just tough to get into it
that's right it took me like three
months to get in there like doing
paperwork and all this stuff
so it's like now i'm like damn like
trouble was overrated it is
think about it that's her pride you in
the hood you willing oh that's such a
such he get busy
but what does get busy get you it can't
get you real estate
it can't get you business investments
like to be honest with you
i don't even need gangsters with me
because anything a gangster could do i
already could do myself
and and a real man i don't even want to
put my people in those situations
because a lot of times those end up
being
extra you end up being accountable for
somebody else
you know saying so it's like that's
that's a part of having power control
being responsible with it so it's like i
try not to get in stuff because i know
when i'm capable and i know how my
people
come but i don't want my people getting
it's nothing so now it's like
all right how can i clean up my my [__]
so
i started staying out of trouble more
more more that's that's another
misconception
omega is going back and forth to jail
that's [__] you know that ever since
you met me have i ever been back to jail
you know what i'm saying so it's like
i'm trying to show people especially the
young dudes that look like you know why
people say that is because you have the
one of the best
shout outs a jail [__] could ever have
what's up with cool mega did you
see him are y'all together what was he
talking about plus
no it ain't just that what was he
talking to yeah
he's gonna kill him that's one of the
best jail shout outs
i want these dudes to know i want these
young dudes you know when i really
started
what really humbled me too nori seeing
young dudes look up to me
like there's a bunch of cool maggots out
there
like this dude's name cormac there's
people my face tattooed on that body
there's people with my quotes tattooed
on you probably seen it on my instagram
one day i did a page
with like eight different opposed to
like eight different people with my
that's crazy to see that so it's stuff
like that that's humbling
and it's like
also traveling the world like i said yo
i went to haiti
i've been to uganda africa why'd you
start with haiti man
and you got my friend gassed up right
now come on
my friend suddenly turned red he's black
you performed in haiti i performed in
haiti i did it i did a uh
i did a song i did a tribute song for
haiti all the proceeds went to haiti
um you know what i'm saying actually
there's somebody in the house right now
in haiti that
that came from us our contributions and
our and our hard work and our hard work
you know what i'm saying
so i put in work there when i went to
haiti um
there were still people buried in the
street when that earthquake
there were still people under the ruffle
and it was
it was devastating i've never seen
nothing like that in my life
only in movies even kobe even the kobe
[__] that should make that [__] make it
so devastating from the anyway it's
still coming was like
because covered in east elmhurst that
[__] hurt me you seen those [__] i
didn't go there personally
but when i seen east armhurst because
that's that's my hospital
like if i get [__] up i go to saint
john's or elmhurst but at least the
hospital's still there
but the bodies was around the corner you
see that [__]
matter of fact moment of silence to
everybody
yes man you don't want to open a bottle
of ace though because i feel like we
need this as the moment
like i feel like you should open it you
don't gotta drink it but i feel like you
should open
to see if you still got champagne skills
i don't know
come on queen's bridge
do it
oh this thing is done tap the bottom
this thing is old school
my father my father my father was raised
in marcy projects too
so that's for jay so what was he saying
haiti haiti humbled me because
they imagine a white house with a hole
in the top
crumpling the white house where the
president they got a white house that
looks like ours yeah
it looked like a it looked like a horror
movie like like one of those movies when
when a bomb hit it like it looked like
that's not it it's not funny
like their buildings was toppled they
were still there was people who was like
still looking for their family members
like they're in the ground
there was mad bodies everywhere but the
thing that made me
go crazy and and really look at myself
was like
these people were still
harmonious amongst each other they
wasn't mad they wasn't bitter
the kids were still playing and i'm like
wow
we over here fighting over somebody
stepping on our sneakers or
over [__] and these people got
nothing
and they're more happier than us with
money that [__] makes you really look at
yourself
wow when i came home i stopped wearing
jewelry for a while
because i felt like a clown like these
these people have nothing and they're
happy than us
so you know that really opened my eyes
to certain things and then when i went
to uganda
you know in africa yeah that was a
beautiful experience for me also
and um you know um
when i do these kind of things i really
don't
you know i don't you know how people do
things they publicize i don't publicize
it because it's from the heart
and um if there's pictures there's
pictures but i'm not odin with it but
when i went to uganda it was a beautiful
experience
i've seen how happy the people were i
seen like how over here
america we are gluttonous in our ways
like you you go overseas you know you
never know it's like you go to the store
overseas
and be like let me get a large soda and
it's like this size or
whatever but over here i lost like this
so we over
we over consume we're over consuming
over there they don't even tip
when you tip them sometimes they don't
even know what that is
like the poultry size be real size and
we got monster guys
you got a chicken over there and you
think it's a pizza my first time in
in london i said your cows are sick
he said no you're counting
was like oh because you know i'm used to
seeing big cows you haven't seen the cow
in london
i'm sitting this skinny as [__] found
[__] nah
you're right certain countries they call
our food frankenstein food yeah
gmo food yeah they call it frankenstein
look it up
so certain things over here
or fda are cleared they clear certain
things that we eat that we shouldn't eat
should we trust the fda or no
no no no no
okay definitive or not so let's change
it up a little bit
the firm most legendary group
one of the legendary groups do y'all
ever felt like that
was an official group i don't i don't
have that conversation
like you gotta understand i mentally
removed myself from that situation when
i was removed from it i removed myself
from it mentally
no but i'm saying do you ever think it
could have lived up to the potential
that
it could have uh
i think if it was done properly it could
have been nutty
but i think
i think dr dre was too
was too modest and humble because you
got to understand it was a dr j pride
dr drake project yeah with with knives
and then track masters got involved so
and then there were multiple
labels involved so whoever
caught it because you would sign the
death jam foxy was signed don't include
me i wasn't on the album
so i don't count i wasn't on album i'm
not on one song i'm on nozzles album
affirmative action is on it was written
so by the time so i'm gonna that's the
most popular firm song
it's most popular for him so i'm on that
but that's on nash's album not on the
farm
so when the firm app came i didn't have
no input i didn't have no
i don't have nothing to do with that so
i don't really consider myself a part of
that and i don't
i just mentally remove myself from when
i was removed from it i removed myself
from it
in a in a good way like we all still
cool but i was like all right cool i'm
not a part of that and then and
even with my career as i move forward
you know
what i'm saying the way
i i stayed like uh in my own lane
whereas i never looked at it as a real
group
because
it's like a collective more than a group
excellent
excellent because if it's a real group
think about this for a second
wu tang say somebody from wu-tang comes
over the album
right you know you're going to hear
people from wu-tang
on that album right if styles p come out
of the album
you're going to hear jada and sheik on
it right
if she come out tokyo shrimp out he
jinxed me you know what i'm saying
if she comes out of the album you're
gonna hear
uh styles and kiss on it you know what
i'm saying
so and it's all gonna seem familiar if
they all work
right in unison so we didn't do that
you know what i'm saying so i didn't
like i'm not only knowing it was a
mistake
no i'm just saying i don't consider it
like it was a collective
like he said because a group if it was a
group it was like group chemistry we'd
continue working together but we didn't
i was never on nobody's album except
knives
think about that repeat that yeah so how
was your ac relationship
yeah he's just cool yeah y'all don't you
you never was on a y'all i was never in
the az album get the [__] out of here
exactly that's what i'm saying he was
gonna went to my house before
i put him on my app i put a z on my last
album
my last um full album mega philosophy az
on it
was it weird when you and i didn't speak
how was your age
and foxy's relationship because we
haven't spoken about foxy at all once
so how was when you and oz whatever
happened
for y'all relationship did it ever get
spicy between like
a z and no it's always cool with
everybody it's just that me as a person
i just gave people that space you know
what i'm saying
i gave uh i gave a
i gave a hit space because at the end of
the day now i put them on
right so i got to respect that loyalty
right so um
but other than that we was cool like a
was like it's all love you know what i'm
saying and um
we did shows together et cetera et
cetera fox
we was always tight so it's like it's
never been no
it's never been no fallout you know what
i'm saying even i even showed nature
love
right you know what i'm saying um
um and um that was that
but i don't i really even
like he said that was a collective is it
plans for the video for this
this record well i can't really speak on
that because that's not a project
so i can't say yeah well you know i
don't know i like it man
you never know that'll be monumental i
feel like it should man it's time man
it's one of the best you know [__]
uh uh uh collaboratives whatever the
[__] you want to call it
um yeah i made history one of the best
is one of the best reunions
and i think it was proper that's why
when we had nature here
unleash explained that he was not the
original group member
but nature
on his instagram he put up a different
kind of post
this is what the people wanted and you
know he had a big ended up
big enough no big enough himself like oh
hold up what wait wait wait wait where
you going
put them in i mean [__] everywhere you
put up cause on one of these shows
one of these podcasts i mean one of
these interviews now did they ask about
him
so then he was like yeah this is what
the people wanted rapper's club yeah i
believe
he shouldn't have did that nature
should've did it he should have just
chilled and did it the humble way you
know what i'm saying because [__] like
that
is what causes division oh
you know what i'm saying it makes people
be like word and then you know [__] in
the day she
just should have just moved it in you
know what i'm saying okay
i'm sorry i just cuz cause i i'm a
little green to this
so can you elaborate a little bit
because i don't unders i don't
understand so what
did he do he shouldn't have made no
noise like that right because he should
have just been calm and smooth about it
and let
let things fall into place because when
you do things like that
then it and it leaves people to
be divisive or people be like word word
or create riffs
exactly it could create riffs so it
seems like that he was against that
i don't know what to say no because on
your show he seems sincere he seemed as
he said he's happy for mega so
but in your post you didn't say that you
just said you know so it's like you
don't
leaves enough for people to see whatever
okay whereas when you look at me
when look you notice nobody acts as you
know what's up with you in nature
because i made it known that i'm cool
with him right i put him on one of my
albums
and there's nobody asked me about him no
more as far as a riff because i made
sure
people seen that so if you [__] with
somebody [__] with them
so um i think nature's a cool dude
i just think uh jermaine baxter that's
my man yeah i think he's a cool dude
shout out to nature shout out to his
brother um
and uh i just think he should have
handled that different i think
sometimes we all need uh
you think of did you think i baited him
no you get on him asking when you ask
him
one question that was a slight bait but
he didn't go for it when i asked him to
quote the line yeah
the only reason why i asked to quote the
line i would like to do this to you
here face-to-face is because i remember
them taking your name out
oh he said my name in the record see
nobody saw some [__] oh no i'm joking
but that's the only reason why i just
wanted to to establish that
but um yeah i wasn't i wasn't i wasn't i
wasn't
i mean this is history and that [__] is
so old like at the end of the day i'm
over it like
i'm i'm so over that [__] like me and
nature's cool
i haven't like i look back at that [__]
like
yo listen i showed nature so much love
only thing
i never had no issue with nature the
only issue i had with nature
recently it's not even a major issue
it's just like a
where do we stand bro like is you my bro
or is you not
like because um
when i came out with see this is the
thing about queensbridge
all the rappers and and i'm gonna
include you because you're part of the
movement oh man
there's a thing called
mutualism i love this word
all we have to all be mutually
beneficial
to our own to our movement because
the stronger we are the stronger
everyone is
so i be look sometimes i see things
and i don't even get mad sometimes it
hurts it hurts it's like
hurts or offends me maybe heard is a is
a better word
it just makes me feel like damn am i
alone like who's really with me
because it's like like
i support everybody you know what i'm
saying like
i'm gonna drink champs now but when
drink champs was new yes
when when three times you know what i'm
saying i came on the show
and you didn't even have to ask me twice
yes you know what i'm saying
and then it's like you my phone my my
number was always open for you
for to talk or for advice or for
whatever input whatever
you gave me my best compliment ever yeah
that's my favorite compliment ever when
you said
you're learning on the job but you
winning yeah i love that yeah i'm sorry
nah i'm just saying so the problem with
queensbridge artists is
every a lot of people have a go go every
man from self mentality
and that hurts the bottom line because
everybody's going for
i'm gonna be i regardless because i'm
good
so the people that's good is gonna be
good but the people that ain't good
they're gonna suffer the most
so being beings for self is gonna
hurt you and it's gonna hurt you in a
negative way more than it's gonna help
you because if if if everybody's moving
as one
then we winning so it's like why uh
so like and i could name every
like i came on my ep
havoc posted it right the um the mega ep
i came out with it twice so i did one
limited version
and i stopped it i just did that like
for the fans
right i put it out havoc have it posted
on his page
shout out to havoc even capone posted it
i was like okay
so i i dm nature i said yo
post my um post my joint and i got you
when your joint comes out you know sound
like we just gotta we gotta show each
other love
listen and then that [__] just said
scene
so dm yeah no repo
you ain't dm me though just throw that
no because i'm just doing i'm trying to
be a good
but you know what listen i told this to
a couple of my friends
uh this weekend like i'm trying to be a
better friend trying to be a better
person
so sometimes i would like you to tell me
if there's something that you don't
think and i'm doing i'm not saying i'm
pointing to you right now
but i'm telling this to all my friends
if there's something that you want me to
be the thing is sometimes i'm so busy
i'm not
sitting there and pinpointing anything
but i want everyone
in this room to know i like to be a
better friend i want you i want to be
your best friend
like i want you to sit there and say
that's one of my best friends right
there because
i know i'm one of the best people in the
world
so if my immediate people don't know
that i'm [__] up
[Music]
i ain't got that i'm gonna be your
but you know i was saying that you got
more notes out of respect no no no no i
might
might but no but but not but you know
what you're saying it's not it couldn't
be just a queens [__] problem that's a
national problem that's a i'm just i'm
not worried about everybody i'm worried
about i know but i'm saying
that's what that's what our society and
and know what's what's pervasive in our
world right now
but that's really irrelevant to what
you're saying is right but i'm talking
about in rap with our when i look at
wu-tang i look at queensbridge
if if if you god come outside right one
rayquan is posting it
if rayquan come out with something
inspector deck is posting it man
this is a group though
sometimes you gotta
that's where that word yo that word
empathy is real big bro
and that's that's when you put yourself
in somebody else's shoes so you gotta
before you get mad at people you have to
weigh every
option like maybe at the end of the day
i respect every artist and
the bigger you are the more busier
you're going to be
so if you think nori's just sitting
around waiting for you to text him
to to promote your [__] you bugging
because
he's an artist and he's a he's an
entrepreneur right now if you think he
purposely ignored yourself
i think people i think people don't
really respect rap or they don't really
respect
what we do because the videos and [__]
make it look so
easy they don't realize all the [__]
that we do
and then we live your life too because
we have a family
you have a family we have family too we
don't just rap or do what we do
and free time we have to cook dinner too
and we have families we have
relationships we got to do plus we
handling business
so we be busy but people don't see that
oh you acting funny or son is acting
different
no everything everything
that's life that's progression i'm
adapting to new [__]
so if you don't contact me i'm not a
mind reader so i'm not going to know
what's in your mind but if you contact
me and say yo can you do this
and i don't do it then you could get
upset
but maybe you can't get upset because
it's
really up to us always trying to get
high every episode never happens
it's really up to us to decide what we
want to do
like people got to stop trying to
guilt-trip people
and to make it like success is nothing
to feel guilty about
and people got to stop trying to make it
seem like they're entitled
that sense of entitlement pushes people
away
because people act like you got to keep
it real
but keep it real isn't one of the things
where you conform it
to benefit yourself keep it real keeping
it real
if nori's busy and nori's taking care of
his wife and his family
and he's doing what he's supposed to do
for his life and for his legacy
he's [__] keeping it real all right
god damn
so so a lot of times people
they take things too personal without
your communication
that communication if you're not
commuting canadian [__] is gonna be
[__] up
yo look we lit we live in an information
era
you're going on social media you see so
much [__] in the flick of a
of a hand so so are we supposed to
remember that
like you telling him the this dude does
a show every week
he's recording he's doing this he's
doing this like everybody's busy
like i really write my music so when i'm
writing my music i'm into that i'm
picking beats i'm a
yo i'm i'm the custodial parent
that means i'm home every day with my
daughter you know what i'm saying like
i speak to teachers i do laundry i do
regular [__] too
so it's like i write my music i design
clothes i write books i do
so i'm not sitting around ignoring you
it's like
i'm busy like people was busy so i don't
get too caught up in
people's emotions because that's their
emotion
they're entitled to their emotions but
don't don't overwhelm me with your
expectation
i respect that i'm gonna name a couple
of things
and you tell me what this means to you
okay
ready i love that that was on cue
the realness the realness
my first album that was my that was me
um
that was me excelling that was me
after being held back and
after me being held back that was me
just
letting it all out a proud moment for me
that's it okay oh the true meaning
uh true true meaning yes
true meaning one of the most impactful
independent albums
in history first independent album to
get a source award
hmm you got a source of water i got a
social worker i'm the first artist so
i'm
[__] calling buzzino tomorrow
um a hundred thousand
would it did more if last we didn't owe
money to everybody
um showed growth
showed growth the the diversity of the
album
um
got an impact underground music awards
gave me the impact
award for the most impact on the
underground so that album was like
a stella like a stellar stellar
achievement album
the testament testament
would have been my first album
adversity adversity and obstacles
um
for something i'm proud of born and
raised
born and raised
arguably
sometimes i think that's my best album
um
the fans gonna take this personally they
gotta if you really gotta sometimes
i think sometimes i think that's my best
album
i think that album born and raised could
stand toe-to-toe with any of my albums
that's the first time i recorded with
premiere my song make it clear is on
there
my song dirty game is on there the song
um journey with log professors on there
um the song with pete rock is on it i
got a song called rapture on there with
ayatollah that's
crazy um i think that's one of my deep
i think at one point that was my
favorite album i don't know
it it's definitely i think that's my
most underrated album
born and raised for sure okay megan's
philosophy
mega philosophically produced by lost
professor and i think even hazardous
sounds
makes a couple of your joints
hazardous sounds mixed the entire album
oh
gave me my props on that album hazardous
said something today before you got here
he's like large professor told me on
that album
you became a producer mega because uh
we finished the album ourselves without
law professor the law professor was
gone and i needed that album out so i i
added some of the instrumentation i
added live instrumentation to some of
the songs i'm saying what does the [__]
does
instrumentation mean it means like
playing music
real musicians like okay saxophone i
want my mom
gaps in the beast a lot of the people
like me you know that's in
special education some of the secret
scenes
[Music]
there's a song called more what i'm
talking about people of color
added some kind of like not like that
but i see where you're going
i added like uh congress congo's in
there
that's for like the cubans and and the
other latin
brothers that are that are from our
culture so i personally added that in
he knows so that album is when i i
really
like that like large professor said
megan you became a producer on that
album
so that was my comeback album that album
charted but then
and then right after that you get we hit
the mega produced by a street runner
street runner is right here right yeah
yeah he's flying
street run is a beautiful human being
he's a humble giant incredible producer
he's a great producer but he's a humble
giant
you got a guy that works with
like platinum artists gold artists all
the time
and he made time for me and he was a big
fan
but he didn't just say it in his action
show he showed it
so um
um um greatly appreciative to um street
runner for that um
yeah and excuses two compilations you
also had legal hustle
they forever wrote forever don't count
they don't count no lord forever doesn't
count raw forever is just like
pretty much the best of mega and on
i put two disc in there i put one
cd disc was like the best of mega so
it'd be like a best of mega mix tape and
then the other disc
was pretty much me doing over some of my
songs
listen as you say disc they're like what
is he talking about yeah yeah
and a lot of times so one link and the
other link yeah yeah
yeah so basically one disc was uh
the best of in the other disc was me
doing songs over with a live band
so that was just the best stuff so i
don't count that as a project
and i'm gonna stop i'll probably stop
um release of that soon that was like
something for the fans
that's a beautiful thing about only
stuff you can do what you want you can
do what you want legal hustle though
that was one of my i think that was one
of the that was one of the top
independent compilations ever too
uh you think about it that album
like for me to have never been on a
major label
i look at the yo that album made jack
jacka
national my man jack of god bless the
dead
piece area legend he was just a local
rapper
and i said yo i'm gonna make you i'm
gonna make you like worldwide bro
i got real close with jacka too yeah
you'll never hear nobody in the bank say
[__] arrogant
you know what i'm saying yeah and i see
your post when um when he when he passed
away yeah it hurt
it hurt and that's what i'm saying like
i'll be losing
like i'll be close with people you know
i'm not not yo yeah he was alright i was
he was cool now i'm talking about close
like
tears like you know what i'm saying so
jacka
jack come to new york we stay in the
same hotel like he when i'm in the bay
we stay in the same hotel like
like he's sleeping my room like he'll
pull out the pull out couch i gotta
sweet he's like we was like cousins yo
you know some people actually thought we
was cousins so when i did the legal
compilation album
that was the album area gonna love this
i did the legal hustle
compilation album because i was trying
to help people get on
and um that's one of the projects i did
two projects where i was trying to help
other people
and that also says a lot about my
character because when i did these two
albums it was time for me to come out of
the album my fans wanted a mega album
and i gave them these projects so i got
lucky with legal hustle because it was a
good album to the people
and it helped introduce jacka that's the
first al maino was on
you know what i'm saying he's on a song
called monsters ball um
and uh i had that's the first time i did
with mop
ghost face bodied it um it was just
it was just a compilation helping me and
i had new artists on there
and all the new artists that that i had
on there i i planned on signing them
you know what i'm saying so i was
basically trying to build something to
help people
you know i'm saying that's why i did
legal hustle and i mixed it with dope
features
so now your relationship will punt me
and pom was tight
um that was my guy um
humble dude love he's a gangster he's a
terror squad gangster
as you know because you know this dude
loved
guns he loved talking about guns
um one of the warmest people punitive at
a table
right now eating you walk in he's gonna
yo
he's gonna invite you to his meal you
know what i'm saying
loves rap passionate about rap if you
did a song that he like he'll tell you
your verse or he'll want to hear
something
like yo let me hear something another
cool dude man
try to value you nah we never never
talked about but he always
said something like always wanted to
impress me but we never he never tried
about
it he was that type yeah say something
like
you ready like yo come on you know he
bullied his weight on bam
tv he wasn't supposed to be on it we
yeah i heard that story i was dope
we uh we got one joint it was a uh
it was a it was a song but the song
never came out but it leaked
on on a mixtape or something you mean
but i wish she was a lot i'm the first
person that did something with her son
wow yeah chris chris chris is on the um
what's the other drink your name brought
forever i put him on there
yeah he's a beast so it's like i did
something with his son because i felt
i felt obligated and i helped his wife
when she was doing the um the um the
sneaker thing
you know what i'm saying
let's talk about your you and dude you
got like two you in deals right like
seven only two i did two joints with
them
you gotta you did a few i like component
one right okay
we got two drink champs
let's go somewhere else where are we
going loud records
no let's talk about the new project the
new project the new project mega
or the next one that's coming out the
next one is coming out next omega
or both well megan's out now oh
[__] that's the one with the black blue
black barrel
it got like a moon in it she glue just
on that havoc is on the only two
features
you're eclectic um
um i think it's a dope app it's a vibe
i don't know if you heard it because
you're a busy man yeah i don't even hit
my own [__]
but um you heard it no i haven't heard
it yet wow
i wish i had it i would have played it
if i'd known y'all
do you got a new record do you want to
prepare this right now
you got some mega joints come on man
set it up we're going to prepare
right we gotta do it right now since we
were talking about the point
you put the speaker let's speak about it
since we talking about punt
uh [__] i'll give you an unreleased
joint
when i'm spitting some balls that pun
would appreciate
okay just a ball song a ball song
because i'll do that too
we add a ball too we got racket right
here you got it
let's go baby
ass i'm not gonna lie you look people
you making us look great
[Music]
when i come through i might bang it
exhibiting migrators in tight situations
likes a heavy burden for nicks with
light paper either embrace it or try to
take it to hot stages like when i'm
rhyming rappers are facing annihilation
for thinking you close to me
lyrically i give you the poke and see
you could only get from coke i leave
you supposed to freeze when lines hit
you like pacquiao attacking i'm a [__]
for roses beats
crushing hopes and dreams okay go to
sleep rest is interrupted by the breeze
of hope there's ways of cold sweat [__]
you soak the sheet my [__] go hard i'll
depend like work release for better or
worse i've seen i've dealt with
adversity
since i was young which was a blessing
and cursed to me lessons i learned were
deeper as a diversity reflecting a
killer instinct so i murdered b
so put them on life support whenever the
mic is on i feel like a sniper on a
mission of striking united khan with
types of power speed and agility i
terrifying and scottish for these
capabilities
saying you realize me as a complete
waste of energy my name rigged from the
street to state facility it takes
humility patient time is killer be a
real mc
till then you can pretend to me better
plan yourself consistently live your
dream
i'm coverage every floor these are some
expensive genes i'm in it to win it
well repaired mentally it's clear my
skills are rare finding history will
mention me as one of the nicest
lyrically
my high intensity writing ability rivals
anything powerful
you might ground around really deep
sweating my style like humidity you
really need to sit your ass down when
you hear a real [__] speak even if you
broke pay attention to me i couldn't see
past the builders from the bench and
appeased till i was willing to change
don't make a stand in the way of my
verbal display
came from the slums with burners i ain't
that foes yet your own friends
power wisdom is to learn from mistakes
those who seek and learn to turn
weakness to strength keeping it real has
been replaced by keeping it fake and
success is just more stressful people
who make it the sweeter the taste the
deeper the hatred is venomous
when [__] be on
[Music]
don't forget those staples i paid jewels
this adolescence perhaps
forever the greatest lot of devil ever
sold is black is different from latin in
fact statistics are people back in
prison
i'm a gymnast love a real [__] who rap
a living listener's a witness a skill in
lyrical captivism
i would give this as a young butt like
brandon jennings ditching and cunning i
know how to handle critics didn't know i
had it in me now they feel me like a
freezer buenos aires
i was driven like a seven series in
other words [__] would you hurt respect
what you hearing incredible lyrics
terribly written mega get big
fire trying to tell y'all [__]
man
it's called [__] mega
oh like that was my part these
non-believers man
[Music]
do i still love the game i still love
the art i don't love the [__]
the policy i love the fans i love the
art
i don't love the politics and the
nonsense everything else when i'm on
stage
like like you be around i could be the
quietest person in the crowd but when i
get on stage it's something
it just does sound to me i love that
feeling of being on stage
and i love creating rhymes and like
pushing myself
to uh to outdo myself and
um
not live off the path strength like at
the end of the day i like having a i
love being underrated
that's my secret because when you're
underrated people know you good
but some people aren't you aren't
getting the credit you deserve and as
long as i'm underrated that's gonna make
me go harder
so it's like one thing i say about
myself
like whenever i'm on a song
whenever i do a feature on somebody's
project i try to shine
and there's different ways to shine
that artist needs to learn it ain't all
about trying to outdo somebody in the
song
you can shine without trying to outdo
somebody just make the song good
so it's like say what you want about me
but
every single song that i'm on with it
with a dope artist
is one of the highlights of that album
affirmative action it was written like
how you did it oh
my god h rc that song um
three i'm on the bench hot eating
chicken wings of french fries
more deep murder music what's your
poison
high technology album the high tech
album all i need is you
um i'm not even thinking hard like every
no i'm saying every time i'm on the
streets disease
king disease yes that's uh that album is
beautiful
beautiful album so it's like when i'm on
the song i just try to stand out
i don't try to out shout out so so when
nas called you he didn't say that this
is a firm
record or did he say that well we like i
said we need to talk about that
once we started talking about the record
then
it wasn't we didn't know what it was
going to be
like until until we got everybody on it
because originally that would have been
a nazi az song
that was gonna be a nazi az record
originally really yeah
so you're saying he wasn't even sure if
he could get everybody on it yeah
or maybe that wasn't even a thought that
wasn't even really the thought
it's like sometimes you're doing
something and you just want to take it
take it somewhere extra like you know
what it'd be great if we could do this
add this
too yeah so that's what happened with
that that was a nozzle
record and um so when you got the verses
you had nasa
i didn't have nobody's first that's the
thing about it that's what made it so
dope
i had to really create my i had to
create my own uh
i what's the subject matter it's about
this is it so i was like alright cool
cool cool
i vibed out i thought about how a z rap
i thought about how everybody raps
and then you you um took foxy you didn't
know foxy
could possibly be on this as well i'm
the one i'm the one contacting her so i
know she was gonna be on my side that's
what we need to talk
so when you got contacted
that's when you said i'm gonna i got
foxy too
well i'm not i think i'm the only one
who had a number or something like that
i got a number two but [__] it okay so
gonna continue to get the props so like
yo at the end of the day now
nas gets all the credit for that song
because let's give him this credit he
gets credit for that song
for a lot of reasons from um
from a humility standpoint like think
about this for a second
a lot of people when they have
differences with somebody
even when you even when you squash the
differences like all right cool that
[__] is over but you know
i you know yeah you stay in your corner
so but
he he's like all right that [__] is over
i'm putting my guy on this song you know
what i'm saying he didn't have to do
that
especially at this point in his career
so for him to
since i'm saying i like who you are come
on man
i gotta pick you up
go ahead continue i like your ideologies
no i'm just saying that's continued
that's what i'm saying
all of us like i like that an example he
set the tone he set an example
and it's like um
that's why i'm like people just got to
be humble like that's what i'm saying
like nature
that's why i wrote the thing on my on my
instagram it was you know and nature
text me and said thank you because i
wrote some real [__] you know i was like
you know
the song wasn't done to exclude nature
it was da da da
and there's you know there's no there's
no b for him or
nobody has ill feelings towards them or
anything they just it went full circle
nobody said there's a firm album coming
there might not be nothing you know what
i'm saying
it's like it's like a moment yeah he's
hi how not started is how you want to
you know what i'm saying
no at the end of the day what he does is
is what he does it's him
you know what i'm saying and at the end
of the day like
no rapper has the relationship that me
and him got nobody could take that
away like you know what i'm saying like
we grew up together you know what i'm
saying like i got letters from him when
i was in jail he wasn't
you know saying like he wrote me when i
was in jail like you know
you know saying like we done we done did
a lot of [__] together we laughed we
cried like we mourned the same people we
checked for the same people we have even
that mega i wanted you know what i'm
saying even when you spoke that talk
even when even when even when we had
issues
even when we had issues like you
couldn't come to me like you about to do
something to him
you know what i'm saying it would have
been a problem for you or like if you
if you talk [__] about me like people
talk [__] about me the nods
you think i you think he ain't gonna
tell me like you know what i'm saying
even even when we wasn't cool and it's
like
huh so it's like sometimes you need
sometimes
you realize how important somebody is to
you when you go through adversity
and um i never realized
how important it was to the fans for me
and him
like to do something and it's crazy the
craziest thing is
me and him have never done a song with
just me and him
that should probably break the internet
bro
there's no song we just mentioned yeah
you know what i'm saying so it's like we
never realized it but then we started
realizing it when we seen an impact like
when we got together
at a show reunion and people were
screaming going crazy like i've never
seen no [__] like that
and i was like wow and he was like wow
and he's seen more than me he's
he's you know what i'm saying so it's
like just so you know i
i text him 20 seconds later he said
can i facetime with the mega show he
asked
to do this oh yeah that's my god man
that's my guy that's real [__] that's
like listen i'll be chastising him
but he acts he said you got mecca today
you know
you know you know that's beautiful
that's let's just make some noise or not
come on
is megan ready so uh
you got notes no no no no no
the most prepared guests we've ever had
let
but especially like if i'm right if i
know i'm right
right like you know what i'm saying if
i'm right if i'm wrong
then i'm going to take it in or i'll be
like you know what he's right but if you
painting a picture of me
that's inconsistent of you if you're
wrong about something i'm going to i'm
going to come prepared and i'm talking
about particular situations
that's why i came prepared to this
because i knew he was going to bring up
certain things
and i remember like when you think of
all the stigmas associated with my name
it never came from me it came from other
people
or when you think of how you said when
you when you think about it like damn
why didn't i like mega or why didn't
megan not like me
when i never even said that somebody
else told you i don't like you just like
somebody else told me
no we don't like you i never no and i'm
yo
strong you know me i'm very vocal i'm
i'm not i'm transparent if i ain't like
you i've told you
i wouldn't have [__] been giving you
love i'm like you know sam
and we did a lot of [__] together and
there's there's been funny situations in
real situations it's like you know the
dj
remember the dj you gave him a bass and
didn't it do you remember that
man what did you do to the dj man
you can't represent every [__]
teacher in the world
every dj he feels like he got a
protector you got it right yeah we won't
say no nasty people
but i'm just saying like
nah and i'm glad like like i'm glad
we're where all of us is that in life
because you know why there's a lot of
people
doing bad out here that's what i'm
saying and that's why
um that brings me that makes me humble
that [__] yo is a covid
i didn't do not one show this year and
i'm good
like you know what i'm saying like
yeah like in our profession yeah because
you know why they need the people yeah
like dudes
like dudes dudes is hitting me like yo i
forgot this company they contacted me
recently
it's probably my dm he's like yo we
wanted to sign you up and they said this
artist is down this artist is down you
do like
video drops for fans and you charge them
i'm like nah i'll do that [__] for free
for my fans
you know say i'm not trying to cameo or
do cameras it was cameo
camera paper all my bills
i'm sorry i got you let me put you on
like listen listen
it was great i feel bad doing that
though listen listen
all the meals where i go out to eat i've
never paid for them in my life
cameos paid for everything the cameo's a
great [__] company but you got to
charge fans to talk to them
date y'all's the fans i ain't charging
yeah but just i can't i just feel
dirty
and still do what he's doing for the
fans you can still like it could be
a higher tier of what they ask you to do
on camera cameo this is
all people from everywhere they just say
hey they already
that i've been doing that for free so
this is a different era though we living
in a different era right now
they're pre-paying just the talk yo like
you're not going to say
if someone says hit you up say yo dude
anybody got your birthday you're not
gonna do that oh let me tell you
something
yeah let me tell you something actually
what's right you got this rocket number
deuce can you cope with rock please god
i know you got his number that's good i
didn't really
do that that's the whole thing let me
show you something yo i called some of
my fans literally called them
like happy birthday watch this that's
dope i went to a
show watch this is why i wanted to give
my brother this my brother deuce
eat cold butch rock okay watch therapy
i literally yo he's there uh y'all
[Music]
what's the most awkwardest drop you ever
see me do
i had a shot of a baby
what's up y'all you good yo
yo megan this is what i'm trying to tell
you i'm gonna tell you i'm gonna tell
you don't
butch here we go with you boys sorry i'm
gonna tell you guys
i'm gonna tell you why i don't feel
right doing it
[__] make me shout out to baby
i just feel we're doing that because i
feel like
everything in my life has been given to
me
by these fans like
my lifestyle
has been given to me by these fans i
respect that um
like this shirt i got on
these pants i'm wearing came from fans
money
it's like they pay my bills you know
that's what trash said
what jurassic that's how he got here we
get different buddies though
different cars
weeks money
let me stop [__] rap but um my fans
are giving me so much
some my fans are giving me so much
sometimes i
actually feel like damn dude is this
really how it feels like
yo like to wake up
and be like wow my
like my bills is paid like everything is
my fans did this by the grace of god in
my fans
so it's like i just feel weird charging
them for something when they pay for
everything else
well yo i didn't when i did the u.s
sneaker originally i never wore your
sneakers in my [__] life
when i originally did this sneaker i did
it because it was a challenge
you know what i'm saying i said let me
see if i could do it like if i
i made it i liked it fans brought it up
so i made a book fans but everything i
do they buy it
i make clothes they buy it so it's like
damn i feel like i owe them something
cause they you gotta you gotta figure
we've been in a coffee 14 months right
how many i don't know for whatever
amount of months it was we was in a cold
war
and during the covet
during the covet i've been like
[Music]
i haven't done that one show
i turned down no exaggeration i could
show you
in my joint i probably turned down like
30 features this year
and we believe your notes is remarkable
oh yeah
so so so
but i'm still sustained
like think about it
i quote when you when we quote i was
like i was like
what's what's what's what's clear and i
just came out here
it's like like it's real like
ev all this [__] is from fans this so
they taking care of me
it's like i'm doing my part and they
doing their part so i i just feel
weird charging them for a drop after
they've done so much for me like
i got my whole i've renovated my whole
house
during the co-fit i got all new floors
and everything no cap
i don't know why i i don't i don't sell
drugs
yes so i just feel like i owe my take
care of the family i really care about
my fans yo i cried on this i cried on
the stage in boston before
you know what i'm saying i cried because
because they love me so much
and it's like bro i defied the odds nori
i defy the odds bro damn it i i
like i debuted in the 90s
and i'm still here right now if i say yo
i got an album coming out in the summer
people get excited my last album [__]
charted it was like
number 24 in the [__] yeah
completely on his own yeah so it's like
this [__] is a blessing
so are we respect you make a little case
you don't know the hip-hop industry
we respect when we're walking around
i'm gonna hear you a quick time of slime
are you ready what the hell is that
come on man come on man don't do that no
i'm doing it and what and what and what
it doesn't matter just
pick one
it's okay to pick the queen's
all right guys let him talk for himself
i'm not gonna answer that you already
know what my ass is man
come on no no people gotta know what
jazz is please they need to hear it out
out of it listen i love jay
my daddy grew up in mossy projects
okay yes
but i'm a 40-sided birdie boy goddammit
that's all we need to hear
war reported infamous you going down i'm
not doing that
i'm glad you did that i'm gonna say both
god damn we can get away with that
matter of fact we rewind both for
nothing
guys politically correct molly law or
large pro
that's tough both
let me flip your [__] a little bit all
right let me flip your [__]
nice and jay
let me do my mega version i love knives
because i grew up with them but that's
not because so that would be biased
just just for that yeah i love what nas
has done for the culture
his album um illmatic
changed the landscape of rap in the 90s
i believe that
you know what i'm saying everything you
should say also he pushes me
he pushes me you know as an artist you
know what i'm saying
and um how come you're acting like you
drunk and you ain't drinking [__]
no i'm transparent you you got i don't
need that you got yourself
guess
i respect you for chisel
so um jay i like how jay
carries himself for our culture like
he makes us we we all we have a proud
figure representative in him when he
goes
in ballrooms when he's in places where
we have no business
and our institutions that are beyond our
spectrum or scope he's making us look
good
he's empowerment he's inspiring
economically
things like that so that i that admired
about him
um um
his competitiveness and
and um
you know how he represents for new york
you know what i'm saying
all right now now what's the next one
that's what i'm going different
roxanne shantay or foxy brown
oh god man
this dude right here man man they both
family got to pick one yeah you got to
take a stance
this people try to give
they both family this is a game [__] i'm
gonna this is the last one i'll let you
get away with i
this one you better be definitive
major or independent
major independent yes i'm going to be
definitive
again no he's going to be definitive you
said beast definitive oh you want me to
pick one
he wants you to pick pick one
[__] please decide about
i would say independent if
all right let's just say somebody has no
passion for rap they really don't want
to rap
but they get a little hot [__] go to
major get your money because you don't
give a [__] about it anyway
but if you're passionate about it and
you want to own your [__]
independent is the way especially now
the playing game
has been even you can go digital
yourself
like anything that a major could put you
on you could do it yourself
and if you do your money the right way
you could market yourself so now you
don't have to go to them for their money
like you sell if i sell 10 listen i
could sell
you can sell 20 000 records and make 200
if you do it the right way so if you
just make a 200 000
a year if you had a job making 200 000 a
year your whole family will be proud of
you
so if you could do it i'm making so 20
you know i'm saying well let's just say
25 minus some expense
20 20 25 000. you can make 200 000 off
every album
so if you uh 360 deal no
never but independent if you gotta if
you got
if you got your own buzz and your own
following independence the way
you have to explain that because a lot
of people
i'm and i'm one of them like i hate
independent
yeah i'll tell you why because of the
error that you were in the majors
something
wrong i i live over being independent
but i hate it i'm gonna tell you why
okay because you
[Music]
it's like being born into wealth and
then your parent takes all the money
says now go get it for yourself
show me what you can earn because when
you're on the major you're pampering to
your knee too
that's the funniest in the world you
wake up you know we doing
y'all going to the studio you get a car
service to the studio you're having fun
in there you doing
you're catered to they're going to send
a car they're going to send might pick
you picture from the airport they're
gonna do this
everything everything everything is
given to you
and it's more when you independent it's
more leg work
it's more grind it's like underpinning
to show you who you really are
but independent it depends on how bad
you want ownership versus not owning it
and that's why i never went back to a
major i could have went back after i did
yo bro look at my albums the realness of
true meaning
that [__] like even when you look at the
hot artist now that's coming out
from new york ain't none of them so more
than
more than i did with the truth if you
take the true meaning and the realness
together
ain't nobody did that the hottest
[__]
you know what i'm saying but but it's a
lot of hard work
but also we have so much things in our
favor now
i didn't have social media back then
youtube wasn't there
so and digital going digital myself
where you get the money yourself
now we now we learn how to utilize
merchandise
and people like your style they're
willing to weigh your style
you know what i'm saying so it's like um
we have all these things
that benefit us that's why labels try to
get 360 deals because they want in on
some of that too
so it's like if you got your own like
say drake
like say drake right now drake could go
independent right now he don't need a
label
you know what i'm saying he probably is
gonna do that
you know what i'm saying because he
built he's already built he's already a
brand and he knows
so it's like [__] like that you don't
need a major no more like majors
are really artists are doing artists are
keeping majors
open i think that most most of these
artists
and even where he's coming from is is
the look is to
close to look big they definitely gonna
pan they're definitely going they're
gonna they got that machine
but independent you can the guy that's
looking big
and the guy that's under the radar is
making the same or more money
because that's what they not a lot of
people don't understand it trust me i
know
i definitely know i agree with you i
agree with you
i agree with you but you got to watch
what you do in the business period
because you can get screwed in the
independent
business [__] right you gotta yeah you
gotta
people gotta um like the younger dudes
getting in the game
keeping it real with you with your mans
and all of that
is cool but you got to keep it real with
yourself too um
you got to get your representation get
you a good lawyer
you got to know your paperwork you gotta
and if you don't know these things then
you're gonna get screwed and you gotta
add 360 yourself in a sense
yeah you gotta be able to monetize
everything yeah
that you can do yeah your shows your
merch your
your
so the new project we haven't talked
about it completely yet okay
let's go into it well
[Music]
you have to come out probably the joint
that um has played a little while ago
was like
a batch of unreleased joints you said
that's the one that pong would be proud
of
yeah that's just the bars but it's the
cadence i don't know reminded me of punt
as well
that's what i said to be proud of it
yeah um being a great
aggressive lyrically aggressive um
i haven't done that in a while all right
so sometimes as an artist
you lose your hunger and the fans notice
so that that joint but that joint been
sitting in my stash
so i got a i got like a i got a bunch of
unreleased joints
that i just want to compile and put out
um i just got to think of a name
um but um
it's i wanna know here to dry his hands
because i got something that that's
gonna blow yeah
okay all right listen i'm the most hand
sanitizer in the world that's my wife
this is the master book black book you
got a black book i might call it the
black book too
black book now it's a real graffiti i'm
a real graffiti guy
oh black book yeah i'm a graffiti guy
you got a gold medal careful that's real
graffiti this ain't graffiti in here
okay
but it's tagged okay but it is that was
hard i don't know what you going with
this but
you killing it so far you know how you
like my quotes yes i do like it all your
quotes
no these not all but these are the book
of quotes that i tag
i want you to to be the first
to tag it no to read oh [__] i'm not a
great reader
the only thing that comes overnight
is the moon so sex doesn't happen
overnight it takes many moons to reach
your success
when you play both sides you're always
caught in the middle
i said in a world full of poor people
wealth is easier to achieve than peace
and equality due to the poor character
of the wealthy
it caused i'm just reading quotes from
my book i love it and i tagged it
because that's like bosque i used to do
it it reminds me so now i'm gonna
it costs absolutely nothing to pay
homage
that's what drink jam says by the way
hold on stop
what what what what number of the book
is that because that's what drink champs
is i feel like
you should tag drink champs at that
point but that's what we do we pay
attention normally occasionally we pay
homage
that [__] is hard you're going to see my
writing too yeah
that's that's all this is my last one
that i'll read
never confuse real love with conditional
love one will lift you
up the other will bring you down so this
book is just gems
yeah getting money getting money is the
art a lot of people painted the town
and years later candy breaks the reality
that their color schemes have faded
or been replaced by grand schemes that
can stand the test of time
so god damn it that's thought
because obviously you're proud to be
black we're all proud to be black
but in graffiti yeah that's all right so
you're right
that is an actual art to like like
like when i wrote graffiti i would go to
108th street
i'll go to 98th i go to uh i didn't know
your whole graffiti see that's dope oh i
wrote graffiti okay so i would go to
them and i would have to
the graffiti
so listen i was thinking about calling
out the black book but i have another
so and then every book i have a
different color because it's a blue book
but i don't know that so i'm gonna keep
hearing people quote because i noticed
like
my some of the things that i said one of
my quotes went platinum on your show
uh some people are morally some people
are financially rich but morally
bankrupt
i see that [__] all over the place
yeah there's not much people dead i'll
be seeing memes with that all the time
so so i so i just wrote a whole book of
quotes and that's not even my first book
of quotes
but this black one i've said you know
what i want it to be personal i want to
be in my handwriting
so when this comes out you'll see it in
my handwriting
and then i mean to god i just got on the
book deal you know shout out to me
i know him vaguely let's just make that
let's see let's see if i can do this
okay
if i can do that i've i've been
successful god damn come on hit him up
and do it call him
let me take your international real
quick let me see if my man is up let's
go let's see if my guy's up
7 8 9 ten eleven twelve it's twelve
o'clock out there
i feel like i should call somebody
i'm gonna call cuba right now
copy your man you know
oh yeah i just try to hit my man gigs in
london
okay i thought eddie giggs i was like
eddie king's in london oh
giggs are right oh [__] all right cool
yeah charlemagne did not show me no no
who else would you call let's see let's
see
i've done i've
no joke right now
no i just told him to come pull up and
he said this is what he said
could i call him okay let's do i'm in
let's go
if he if he pick up a man he's
definitely going to pick up
that joke no joke i mean we called him
on the phone over here at facebook
[Music]
no
take a shot okay let's see what happens
okay
choke no joke oh
hey y'all good energy man you're on
drink chance man
good energy good energy
we about to uh talk some [__] but i just
wanted to make sure y'all it's all love
man because y'all
that's right you know it's all love
[Music]
cool i'm in i'm in what's up joe
everything good i'm good baby
yeah i'm great man i i don't understand
where we went wrong like the
you know from the first time we started
drink chance she was one of our biggest
supporters i don't know where you went
with it
[Music]
is
[Laughter]
[Music]
i'm good on my
legend you made that happen quarterback
let's make sure you go back
i was doing a former cameron yesterday
and choking on jokes today
[__] this is all love energy in your
life
i don't want nobody i think thank you
see this type of [__] we do
yes but i've always been on this kind of
time
nobody said that nobody said you know
what's that nobody said that
but that was dope we spoke to knives
but i want that video which one that
[__]
video of the uh king's disease out oh
okay the
we didn't establish if y'all talked
about that or not or you said you can't
talk about it
i mean i don't like talk about that's
not really my business to talk about
that's not the album
yeah but he says at the end of the day
like if he says there's no
there's no video there's no video if you
said there's a video there's a video so
all i can do is
i'm like you on that i don't know i'm
i'm i want
yeah if it happens it happens i'm just
some
you like the song obviously it's [__]
nice
i didn't i didn't expect it i'm gonna be
honest
i didn't expect it
i i did i just i just wanted it i knew
it was gonna happen i didn't say that
oh it was like one of those things okay
you i can hold the secret
um i try to give people hints
but not too much hints where i give it
away it's like
you know like people see me liking his
post
and they thought we had issues so like
suddenly you know i always give people a
little subliminal heads
but i won't give it away um
so you know it's it's it's it's all good
man i feel good i didn't feel like y'all
already got the video planned the way
you're just talking man
wait i mean i feel like you just
i don't listen i'm gonna keep it 100
with you
as far as a video um
you're kind of giving it away right now
there perhaps could be a video okay
maybe
as far as the album
right now my main focus is the realness
part too
i can let you hear it but i don't want
to play it on the air yeah cause we're
going to definitely there's nobody
with us [__] they don't want to admit it
so i'm definitely not playing that [__]
yeah so um yeah the realest part two is
my main priority
i already started on it um i got the
unreleased
music that i played that's that's not
from the realness either but the
realness
part two ah yo dawgs let's go
i'm so proud of yeah i'm gonna start
sending you join like i'm gonna let you
hear some [__]
i'm in my bag it sounds like but but if
your guys was to do a firm
part two where it's done the way you
want
i don't know if there should be part two
it should just be starting fresh
yeah like i just think i just think
everybody i think
i just think uh
i don't know if we do another one you on
it don't worry about it
four like y'all together that [__] just
sounded so naturally like i mean
[Music]
the combination from the jump was just
it's i don't know what it what makes it
so amazing but it's amazing it's like
because it's unexpected also people
aren't expecting it people don't know
what's gonna happen
so it makes it easier for y'all to make
something seamlessly in that sense i
don't think
i don't think that cause after that song
everybody was like oh we want an album
right i just think
when we get to i just think our
chemistry is a fan i want to album yeah
i think our chemistry is just so unique
and maybe the timing is perfect too
the game needs real [__] right now so
but
at the end of the day um
i don't know i'm not gonna sit and say
there's an album because
i'm working on my [__] i think you said
there's a novel i didn't
the black black book i mean the black
book is for
for dudes that need to think sometimes i
like giving jewels to the
especially yo you know what i mean what
i notice
you're never too old or too young for a
jewel like some people be like we got to
school the young dudes
there's some old stuff to do sometimes
we sometimes we learn from each other
right so it's like um i'm i'm putting
that black book out next month
you know what i'm saying you want me to
write my [__] right now
i'll get a different book for that okay
we can do some [__] together a couple of
quotes on your [__]
i gotta think about it though we could
do uh we could do
uh we could do a collaborative shirt
you tag on it i'll tag on it all right
you know what i'm saying well i think we
need to do the quote
corey and nori needs to be a shirt
oh you know this what's the name of your
[__] compound compound
where we at in queens rockaway boulevard
go see compound with a c
okay oh [__] what a king
go sit down you that's how you know i'm
dyslexic
nature now okay let's see if nature will
pick up oh there you go we're calling
everybody today [__] it
[__] it let's do it trash too no no
all right that was on peace
here's a new quote i didn't write it
down yet
what's the quote just cuz i don't [__]
with you don't mean i don't got love for
you
but just because i got love for you
don't mean i gotta [__] with you
jesus that's hard kill
let's see if nature's big enough if nas
pick up in nature don't
[__] life is [__] up just being
honest bro yeah maybe he's busy with the
family bro
oh nature was good
we here with cormega say hello
god damn it what's up nature did you
make what you're making waffles right
now
you making waffles
uh that's what's up it's beautiful
what's good
so you know you're on three camps right
okay so
you know i was a little upset with you
right
but i love you you know i was upset
oh
okay so
remember um i sent you a dm
i don't know if you remember because you
i don't know what's going on but uh i
sent you a dm and i was like yo
could you poke okay
it might have been last year
anyway i sent you a dm asking to post
a picture i asked you to post my
my ep just for us to show love to each
other
and you didn't and i was like a little
taken back by that when i seen the scene
it just said scene
so i was like damn nate
huh not making philosophy mega the ep
so i'd rather just talk to you about it
because you know because you're my guy
and we're doing this [__] with the
cameras
[Music]
like this is how you handle grown up
[__] like
you're still my man i just ain't [__]
with you i say [__] ninja i say that
[__] i'm just saying
i was a little upset i was a little hurt
and that's that's it
for somebody use the word hurt that said
that means they give a [__]
so you know
i just want i just want the same love i
give you bro you know what i'm saying
because i give you love that's real
that's real
[Music]
where we are right now now we been come
on son if
we wasn't good i wouldn't be smiling on
the phone with you i just i wouldn't
even
i don't know who said called nature but
i just you know i'm saying like we gotta
we gotta hold ourselves accountable and
there's a thing
called mutualism without telling nuri
about
and it's like we all benefit each other
when we work in together at the end of
the day
if we're going to be on some amen for
some [__]
a few men are gonna fall like so it's
like everybody each one you don't seem
like
if we all move like a like a unit
everything will be better for everybody
that's what i'm saying
you know what i'm saying that's and i'm
telling i told nori that
so it's like i we normally just spoke to
um
just with the choke you know what i'm
saying and and it's all love between
them right now so it's like
you know me you obviously don't got no
beef you just text me recently you know
what i'm saying but it's like
that thing was that thing was in my
chest that thing was in the back of my
head like damn
so rather than hold it yeah i appreciate
you even i appreciate you
saying that because you know most of the
time people have disagreements and they
hold grudges
they hold grudges you know there got to
be something
people like you know out of pocket
sometimes you gotta you know i mean i'm
not big enough i'm not too big for
somebody to put my code
but listen bro i need you to do this bro
and this is why
see
man that was dope that was dope what the
[__] why the [__] is these people
calling me right now okay
no james cruz and eric nicks you ready
for them no
they're calling you together they're
calling you down together they're
calling you
yes we're sending their podcast oh they
got podcasts
we signed it
[Music]
no the [__] sneakers [__] therapy is
even iller
where he gonna throw your sneakers do
you see that
i'm gonna keep it a hundred on some real
[__] you know people are feeding for me
to do a podcast
yes we we're gonna sign
[Music]
the only reason i never did a podcast is
because i told my man
sometimes when you do the same thing as
someone you cool with
it conflicts sometimes and i don't want
to be in competition with nobody i'm
cool with i'm like that's nori's lane
so i'd rather just support nori
goddammit i respect that
at this point it's like having twitter
we all gotta account
that's true yeah i just didn't want to
do it i feel like that i feel like
that's your land
you know what you know what you should
do if you think that that's what you
shouldn't do you should do twitch
for your fans it was twitch twitch we'll
talk
off off of this then i don't got to try
that right
no you do but it's like pay-per-view for
them
to to do whatever you're going to do for
them on twitch like what
i mean talk you talk to them it's like a
podcast we charge them in a sense
it's independent podcasting think about
it that way twitch
twitch yeah let me finish my album first
in my book
let me finish of my book we talk about
twitch and all that
but now so i don't sound everybody you
need a sound man that's good
i mean everybody that came out with a
podcast after the festival
matter of fact nori did tell me about
this like over like two years ago he's
three foot i got my
two favorite podcasts right now it's
hood therapy where you throw your
sneakers away
oh my god my favorite pocket we need
therapy shoe therapy it's the same [__]
showing y'all through homies
and you know how you know part of me for
interjected
no you crazy jack okay
um
you know how you said like mega is a
a change like you see a change in me
sometimes when people tell you things
about yourself you can either be
stubborn about it or embrace what they
saying
and learn from it or you know what i'm
saying yesterday
i noticed a change in myself like when
we was chilling and uh
a bottle fell right at the end
or glass something did anybody remember
that the glass though right
and then we was leaving and i just
doubled back and i went and picked it up
because there were some old ladies right
there and i don't know why but suddenly
he was like just get that up because you
don't want the ladies get hurt
that's real you're just saying so that's
real [__] the old me would have just
like
[__] the bottle something about you
know saying i don't know i don't know
why
but that's just the kind of time i'm on
but at the same time it's like my
brother said it's growth
it's growth that's real
and that's the reason why i said that
is because i love the growth in this
that's not to
downplay it it's like maybe i
accredited islam to it but if you became
a better person
as i knew you that's the joke
you know what i'm saying no i credited
to islam so that's probably
the part of that quote that you didn't
like no i i liked it
i liked it because at the end of the day
that's like somebody said yo his grades
are better in school
i wonder is it from him studying or you
know no no matter what you said it was a
compliment
like you didn't you know what i'm saying
only taking offense yeah the only thing
only thing
questionable about that whole thing was
when he was like i get megan now
and then somebody said does he get you
i'm like oh here we go that's a sly one
that's a sly
but i'm in a good place so uh
i will say that so um you know
moving forward today was a beautiful day
i was
it was thank you for coming out you
already know cause i called you
and i i i've said your mega i would like
you to come on
because you show restraint
when steve style came on here i knew you
was mad i don't know if he was mad at me
you did a post right about it about what
steve
after steve right i didn't post to him
but it wasn't disrespectful
no i'm just saying you you i challenged
him i said if you want to go to any
public forum
to speak you know and i added him right
like we could
we could talk and i just gave him his
props for who he is because
i don't want to be for him if he if he
wants to hold you worth like
80 million dollars or whatever if you
work that much money you just mad at
core mega
something's not right in the description
because if i had 8 million
i wouldn't be thinking about nobody from
20 years ago
i wouldn't even remember you so
so my whole thing is like i know my
stories is the truth
that's one thing about me nobody's gonna
say megan's a liar
i'm not lying about nothing so like i
like i said i i i came with the papers
today
with people's own words conflicting with
you know what i'm saying
so it's like i have no issues with steve
at all i respect steve steve is good for
the culture
i love what he did with for my man's
career
he took him he took him to another level
but it's like
a part of being blessed is is um
is um being compassionate
and and understanding where your
blessings came from and understanding
like you don't have to
you don't have to stand on people yo man
all you gotta do is reach you can reach
for for something without standing on
somebody you all got to step on people
next all the time
and it's like a lot of his interviews
always [__] on somebody
and this is not my opinion you could you
could just do your own research you
don't have to [__] on somebody
every interview you're already [__]
on people just by living in your
lifestyle
you [__] you doing your thing just
be be a gracious winner
you know what i'm saying because at the
end of the day making me look bad
like it's if you try to make me look
stupid you better be sharp as [__]
because i'm coming with facts and if you
say something i mean it's accurate
i'm gonna say you know what you're right
oh and
i'm meant enough to say my bad oh i'm
sorry
see that's the difference between
certain people i don't even certain
people
you get to a point where you might got
to this point with certain people
there are some people i have differences
with
and um i'll just fall back because
sometimes you can let it air out
let it let it fade and then you come
back when cool cooler has prevailed the
sand goes
some people turn small yo when you turn
an issue
when you treat up issues like it's beef
that's something totally different
that's why a lot of friendships are
[__] up because people have they have
small fallouts but they handle like it's
major beef
and when this major beef is hard to come
back to that it's hard to take [__] back
to that so so certain people
i would rather them just fade out the
picture of my life
than to even reconciliate with them like
there's certain people in my life
i mean not in my life that were in my
life that i'm content
if i never see them again for the rest
of my life
like that's where i'm at with it and one
of them no
i don't even got no people stuff because
the thing the crazy thing about stout
was
i barely i barely see
i've probably seen has i've seen has
more in the last 10 years than i've seen
steve
i've seen he has in the last five years
more than i've seen steed
in the last 20 years so he's really not
a part of my life
so i shouldn't even be in those
conversations in a derogatory manner
and it's like be a graceful winner like
even chris lighty
chris lowy was at some meeting and my
name got brought up
right and this is a guy i was signed to
and and i and i and i got off the label
you know what chris said there's like
yeah what's up with mega
and he said that's the one that got away
um
that's a that's a graceful man that's
honestly that [__] made me
respect him even more like like meaning
like he
felt like he could have did more yeah he
said that's the one that got away
whenever there's something good
like that's the one that got away it's
like having a good woman and you lose up
or like having a good friend and you
having a good investment and you didn't
invest in it that's the one that got
away
so when he said that my respect for him
went up
charlemagne the guard you made me look
crazy just now man i called you
we called knives everybody picked up you
the only thing they ain't pick up
i don't know if i'm offended or not do
your treadmill this is charlemagne
save us something
let me give um nori a moment he don't
know about this
my secret life yo i got cool with
charlemagne
when i was working at mtv on the low
nobody knew
what worked at mtv
charlemagne what's good yo let me say
this bro i'm
very proud of your your growth and your
um
like the way you ascended in our culture
i'm extremely proud of you bro because i
remember the beginning
you know what i'm saying i like how you
represent our people and i like
where you're going with it you don't
embarrass us you don't make us look
stupid and you don't conduct yourself
ignorantly so thank you for that bro
and you also sign the hood therapy and
um smoke champs as well don't worry
about that
[Applause]
[Music]
all right all right don't worry about
that but podcast
dream trans podcast network god damn it
all right
all right my brother this is a great
enemy damn we got everybody
today and you didn't go negative
no way i'm trying to steal you that way
no
you just we're bigger than that because
you because when you
cuz sometimes i've learned like when you
stoop down to people's level then
you gotta go down i'm trying to go up
i'm trying to stay up bro
so like
even even the nature thing that we did
i'll say this on the air but
you can edit that out you know why i'm
saying that from
because i'm compassionate now and he
felt very awkward and uncomfortable
it was caught off guard he was caught
off guard and he you know
so we could edit that out or you could
edit it in a way where
when he was finally up to no he's like
no you could edit it where he's up to
speed i don't know what i'm saying i
gotta be real
i didn't even think about it at all
and i was leaving it's with dream chips
when he knows he's on drink champs he
didn't know he was on drink champs
oh he's not fair you could have called
me with that or like the
all right you know you can edit that to
that
it's not edit man it's just and i gave
and i gave and i gave the nice
and i gave them a nice version of why i
felt he should
should have promoted me because because
the whole version
you know i had papers no i couldn't get
the paper
so basically so basically
first of all these are new papers yeah
this is different
so basically basically
this is a victor's name
so there was a show out here
mega we want you to do a show you're the
headliner
put who you want on the show we're going
to fly them out here
we're going to pay them to handle
accommodations then we're going to get
them close
i put nature in rock martian nature made
money
they had another show in massachusetts i
put nature on the show
and then after the show it says december
18th
it's christmas time i'll celebrate
christmas took 500 out of my pay and
added it to his
you know what i'm saying so this is the
type of time i'm on
when i tell you i do real [__] i put
thousands in this man pocket
so if i ask you to post a picture
so i could be a little offended if you
don't post a picture if i gave you
thousands it's not like i'm just the
title for you to post my picture like
show me love like i show you love
so that's what i'm saying the selfish
climate amongst us all
queens [__] squeezing things let's
just blame queen's [__] i kind of feel
trump hit him up to see if you had a
proof of election
so basically all i'm saying is you like
trump no like you like trump
we've had we i don't like politics okay
i don't like politics
i don't like politics because this is a
dirty game is it there inviting dividing
or sending
all of our homies to jail before it goes
like you're saying you like trump
i'm saying trump is a
[Applause]
[Music]
listen here's my ticket
bernie sanders and michelle obama oh
yeah michelle could have ran first
michelle obama
and bernie sanders has vice president
yeah wow i like that
that would have been done that's funny
she wasn't with her she don't she don't
want him
and bernie sanders they want to break
out though
michelle would have won if she would
have ran i thought i'm going that kind
of time
oh man you know what i'm saying oh yeezy
maybe
i mean
and who's going to be the vice president
i feel
they definitely don't want me to be the
rest of it so they gonna let this [__]
live forever
you know jesus i don't know why i went
there but um
you running i ain't right right 2024
no no no not running for [__] homes
yo rebecca this was a pleasure bro you
know this was great
is there anything you want because you
have notes can you go look at
you know my nose yes make sure anything
look at this
you might have a paper and bring it out
he got paperwork
i'm just saying
[Music]
this is how we walk through the fed's
yard just now we did are you
are you understand you got anything
let's see hold on let me go through my
nose let's go do you know
nori okay here you go boom damn it's
just such a noise also i hit y'all yeah
this was a normal show i had in my head
all right so let me see i said that one
already
um okay this one is this is this is one
this ain't even in my book and this is
about
um stubbornness
and while certain certain people
you just gotta let them fade well
certain people you could try but
it's like some people will rather be
objective than corrected which makes
them slaves to their mistakes
instead of free to improvement
so and then i have one when i said
botanist botanist
is people that specialize and deal with
flowers so
your show you get people that roses and
i'm and i'm like
i had that in my head it's like when we
give people our roses
we got to be careful basically it's like
the way you get people that roses is
love sometimes
other people give people their roses but
we need
botanists we need to be careful with
some of the roses we get from people
because
roses have thorns in them bro so it's
like don't give me
don't give me my roses but but still you
give it to me
so that's why i [__] with you you know
what i said
that's all some people
they talk about how they got love for
you but they give incomplete sentences
they'll say i have your back but the
complete conversations is
they have conversations behind your back
don't be an incomplete sentence when you
[__] with a [__]
with a brother okay um
and then uh what else i said that i
said that uh
i said that oh here's a very important
one
we touched on that
revision this theory revision is
somebody who changes something so
they can say the sky's blue and somebody
else would say the sky is
gray even though it was blue when you
said it was blue
they would change it and then everybody
believed the sky was gray
so i was like going to break down like
how some people
have tried to give a revisionist theory
of some things
in life but i didn't have to do that
because i had the paperwork
all right um and the last one
this is an important one out of my notes
a misconception about peace or pursuit
of it
is that one is passive my peace does not
include
turning the other cheek in the face of
adversity or tolerating disrespect
so that means yeah i'm on my cool [__]
i'm trying to be humble i love life
but
my aim is better bought light
no i'm saying david let live so
that's just in general when we uh
as we grow as men
as we grow sometimes when you from a
certain element
and then you start growing people look
at you different
and i think
when we're young and we have those
dreams every single person in this room
had those dreams
those childish dreams and those young
dreams the childish dreams be
yo when we grow up i'm gonna get rich
one day
and i'm gonna get a call like this and
i'm you know those dreams when you
little
and then some of us actually do that
[__]
but when we become teens and young
adolescents and young men
our plan is to get out the hood y'all
want to get out the hood i want to do
this
so my thing is
don't get mad at the person who stuck
to the plan because we all had that plan
but sometimes when other people don't
implement that plan
they get mad at the person that stuck to
the plan that's not fair
that's not fair so update your plans
rather than hate on your mans
that's a good one that's that
god damn it i feel like that was the
great ending make some noise
[Music]
you